CARTMAN: The college know-it all hippies.
KYLE: Wha whataya mean?
CHEF: We [a struggle is heard in the hall and the council members turn to see what it is. The door opens and Cartman rushes in, roughed up]
CARTMAN: It's it's simple science. Look When hippies start to nest in a new area, it draws other hippies in. With the right weather conditions and topography, it can lead to a music festival. One that lasts for days, even weeks. Reggae on the River, Woodstock, Burning Man, they will all pale in comparison to what we're looking at now. In my professional opinion... I think we're looking at a full-blown hippie jam festival the size of which we've never seen. [the adults don't get it, Cartman sighs heavily]
DRIVER: Well so my idea was this Let's have, like, a week long music festival, draw everyone here, and then together, we can tear it all down. [foam appears out of nowhere and covers the hippie driver] Whoa, what the hell?! [Cartman appears]
CARTMAN: Everybody get in a single file line!
OFFICER_BARBRADY: I was just over at your house and freed sixty three people you had locked in your basement.
RANDY: Sta ogh. Ugh! [he falls to the ground gagging, then gets into a fetal position and passes out]
CARTMAN: Let me guess they've started a hippie jam band music festival.


STAN: Ah all right just let me get this straight the head of Homeland Security ordered you to fly us, five kids, to Peru, but had you land way up in the Andes Mountains of Peru so that other government people could meet us and then... somehow tell us how to go to the capital of Peru, way over in Lima, and take down their government.
CPT.: Gabriel Look at that no lights on, nothing. It's like, humans have never been to this part of Peru. [the camera zooms out and at least eight giant burrowing holes appear before them.]
SOLDIER: Uh, Machu Picchu, sir?
OFFICIAL: 1 But S sir, what could possibly be at Machu Picchu to help the-
RANDY: I'm gon , I'm gonna take a look outside! [gets up with his camera and heads outside]
MICHAEL: Chertoff Argh, curse ye, Craig. Dar, argh. [the guinea pirate falls on its back and the beams turn off. The slabs go back into the pillar and the pillar rotates back into the ground. The four boys approach Craig, stunned at what just happened. Craig lets out a big sigh of relief]


DEMON: 3 Heed my words Satan's entire Halloween depends on this Ferrari cake. Fail, and you will know his greatest wrath!
BUTTERS: P please don't ice me, homie?
BUTTERS: I just... w was seein' if it works.
BUTTERS: W what party?
SMALLS: Motherfucking damnit!
BUNDY: All right listen you mugs It's now 11 30. That means we only have twenty minutes to bake a new Ferrari cake.
GACY: Nyak nyak nyak nyak nya eh [Bundy moves his hand in front of Gacy and then moves it around his head] Nyaaa nyaaaa
ZAZUL: Your attention please It is now midnight! Time for Satan's special surprise. [the guests gather around a raised platform]
ZAZUL: Ladies and gentlemen a fully edible Acura cake! [the guests cheer, not knowing what Satan really wanted]
SMALLS: What the ?


GERALD: Yeah. I'm down twenty six thousand.
MECHA: Streisand fights off Ultura Marutin and Megara Poatia.
MR.: Garrison We can save the town and be super rich!
CARTMAN: You're all a bunch of damned pussies! [follows his friends them out. The adults just watch]
SEARCHING: our hearts for so lohh-oo-ohh-oo ong
RANDY: has taken ill and now lies under a lean to. Sharon sits on one side of the lean-to, Shelly on the other. Stan walks up to his dad with a can of beer in his hand. Randy coughs.
RANDY: The spirit of middle class white people is strong in you, son. Seek out the wise man in Bellow Creek. Now go. GO! [Stan steps away, then runs. Randy relaxes and lays down]


ANNIE: She's super rich!
RED: Hey check it out the new Paris Hilton perfume, Skanque. [grins and holds a heart-shaped bottle with the name on it]
RED: It's not just Paris Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Tara Reid, they're all stupid spoiled whores!
BUTTERS: Wa I'm sorry, ma'am. I'd like to be your boyfriend and all, uh, even though you have kind of a big nose, but my parents told me, "never get into a car with a stranger."
CHRIS: I know darling but look we have to think about the rest of the family.
LINDA: The rest of the f you do mean us?
WENDY: I'm a stupid spoiled whore. her dress is relaxed blue jeans and turquoise tank top with one strap over the right shoulder. The girls laugh at her reply]
ANNIE: Tweek and Jason - that'd be a great three way. [Tweek and Jason walk by]
ANNIE: Be at Bebe's house tonight at 7 00! [Cartman clears his throat, closes his locker, and walks past the girls. Not one of them says a thing.]
CHRIS: All right Butters tell you what if you can raise the $250,000,000 yourself, you can stay.
BUTTERS: Y yes sir! [rushes out of the room] I-I gotta... mine some coal... really fast!
CARTMAN: Kelly Rutherford Menskin.
KELLY: Rutherford Menskin [approaches the door] Yeah? [Cartman is shocked]
KELLY: Rutherford Menskin No! [goes back inside. Red closes the door on Cartman]
KELLY: Pinkerton Tinfurter [sharing a wading pool with Tolkien and Heidi] What? [Red glares at Cartman]
HERBERT: Garrison F from from me?
SOUTH: Park's Whore off. A gazebo is set up for the event in South Park Square. A crowd gathers.
MR.: Slave makes his move he gets off his chair and walks over to Paris, then moves her around till he's satisfied she's where he wants her to be. The crowd falls silent and Mr. Slave walks back to his chair.
CHRIS: So so that's it? No $200,000,000? Well, Butters, I hope you're happy!


KYLE: W well, we've heard that she's...
JOE: Bay bay! I'm hot.
KEVIN: Jonas Bay bay!
KEVIN: Bay bay!
GIRL: in Puppy T shirt Why do you think they called us back here?
FAT: Girl They must a wanna have sex with us.
GIRL: in Puppy T shirt Well, I'm not doing it! Just 'cause they're rock stars doesn't mean I'll do that!
GIRL: in O T shirt Yeah, I'm not giving a blowjob to anybody!
BAY: bay!
BAY: bay!
KEVIN: We aren'- we aren't afraid of him.
STAN: We told we aren't working for another studio and there isn't a plan to sabotage your big night.


CARTMAN: All right listen you know how in space movies they put astronauts in suspender animation so that their trip seems really short, right? [turns around] I think I figured out how to do it.
MRS.: Garrsion Re replaced??
PRINCIPAL_VICTORIA: Richard Dawkins is a world renowned evolutionary scientist.
CARTMAN: Nin-ten do. I'm coming. I'm coming, Nin-ten-do.
BUTTERS: Geh General Disarray, can I ask you a scientific question?


CARTMAN: O ho no! We have a deal, Kyle! If I can prove there's a leprechaun, you have to suck my balls, remember?! [whips out his walkie talkie] Dragon Wind to Blackie: What's your six, Blackie?
JIMMY: Sucking Cartman's b balls.
FANCIFUL: Mayor Ohhh. But my boy, we're already here.
KYLE: A ah! A-a-ah! Wha? Where...? Oh. Oh dude. Oh, it was just a dream. It was all just a crazy dream. Huh, oh my God. [gets out of bed and walks off]
KYLE: Uh... W-uh... but... Come o come on! Really? I mean, aren't there more important things going on right now?
GENERAL: Deckter No No. That's not an idea, that's a twist. We need ideas.
MICHAEL: Bay An eighteen wheeler spins out of control and it's all like BROSSHH [makes a crashing motion with his right hand] And then this huuuge tanker full of dyna- [launches into a series of explosions]
FANCIFUL: Mayor The only reason they would [shuts up upon a realization] Oh my God. They're gonna blow up the Barrier!
BUTTERS: Y yeah, and that's not a heartfelt speech?


CAN'T: we just be like normal third graders for a little while?
THAT: AIN'T HOW YOU DO IT YOU DO IT LIKE THIS SIDDOWN AND SHUT UP!!
BUT: I'll have to sing the Cheesy Poofs song for that talent va-a an!
YES.: Perhaps someday I can get a bone marrow transplant.
AND: now I'm going to dim the lights and let the stars... eh come out.
I'M: talkin' Night-Court-in-it's-fifth-season lame aaaahh!
I: got a call back for the Cheesy Poofs song!
EH: must... tell... the machine. The machine is... e-e-e ghe gheh-
SHUT: your damned mouth
SQUARE: in the balls... ass hole
WHA: why in America's Funniest Home Videos? Why?
I: wasn't picking it I had an itch, for cryin' out loud!
AND: Bingo was his name o
WAS: a farmer'o had a dog and Bingo was his name o
AND: Bingo was his name o
WAS: a farmer'o had a dog and Bingo was his name o
AND: Bingo was his name o
THAT'S: a pretty far fetched story, boys.
THAT: would be super duper!
VOICE: over
VOICE: over
AH: yeah, babe, yeah, babe


RANDY: You know what's really interesting is that [the bikers roar in and stop at a crosswalk at one end of the restaurant, which is called Café Monet, and rev their motors. After a few seconds they ride away] ...what's really interesting is that this place has a new owner, and they-
BIKER: 5 hey, nobody here is really paying attention to us.
BIKER: 7 Thah that little boy just called us fags.
BIKER: 2 Did that kid just call us ?
LEAD: Biker Ju just ignore him! [as they ride, a car pulls up in front of them. Two kids in the back seat turn and make gestures to them. One of the boys makes a sign, then turns it around. Both kids hold it up. It says "FAGS." One of them mouths the word and the boys laugh.] God damn it, this is fucked up!
CARTMAN: Ni nice, okay.
KYLE: W well, 'cause we want all of those fags to get out of our town.
MR.: Mackey You just admitted to spray painting that they should get out of town!
LEAD: Biker In the early 1900s the word became a pe-jo-ra tive term against homosexuals and transgender people in the United States.
JUDGE: 4 Alright how about this What would you call a straight man who doesn't own a Harley, but likes them and might buy one someday?
CARTMAN: You call them "bike curious".
JUDGE: 1 "Bike-cu "
STAN: "Bike curious"! Don't you people keep up with today's lingo at all?!
LEAD: Biker Well I think that I think that you uh, you probably won't say it again.
EMMANUEL: Lewis Let there be no perplexity those individuals are the legitimate faggots. The definition shall be replaced. [everyone in town, even the homosexuals, cheer this change]


BLANKET: hands the first cotton candy to Kyle.
CARTMAN: Choo choo train! Yay!
CARTMAN: Choo choo train.
KYLE: Mr ! Goddammit. Here, come on. We need to clean that up. [takes Blanket inside]
BLANKET: I have a half-brother and a half sister. But they live with their mom now.
MICHAEL: I just id identify so much with children. Their innocence, their beauty. I think that God is in the face of every child.
STAN: Mr. Jefferson Awww It's 1 30 in the morning!
T: shamon!
MICHALE: raises himself up on his tippy toes.
YATES: Twenty five years I've been on the force. I've seen every kind of sick, depraved act known to humanity and still, when I see a black man walk by who has more money than me, I... want to vomit my gizzards right in the gutter. But why? Maybe there is no reason. Maybe there's just a big blue ball out there that's mostly covered with water and we're just goin' along for the ride.
YATES: Hey Har- Har Harris! Harris!


JIMMY: All we need is some good old fashioned di... di... di... diplomacy.
BOARD: rep A and then that fourth grader might end up feeling like a total retard.
CARTMAN: Fly bu what?
CRAIG: It said in the e mail if we came we each got five dollars.
TOLKIEN'S: room. Tolkien has a sports car bed. Cartman is being paranoid
STEVE: Dead bolted. Tolkien! [knocks twice, then heads for the window] Tolkien, you in there?! [the three adults look in]


I: don't want your lame ass supper!
THESE: are Eric's friends Stan, Kyle, and Kenny. Boys, let me introduce you to the Cartman family. This is Uncle Stinky.
AL: righty then. Let's get to my presents, shall we?
AH: men. [all dig into the food. Bits and pieces being to fly everywhere]
AND: these Cornhuskers have the ball on the 50 yard line!
AND: another thing it says that Mr. Hankey is also appearing at the Crossroads Mall!
VOICE: over
SKY: fi Reporter
SKY: fi Reporter
TERRANCE: and Phillip are teasing a reindeer with a red nose Rudolph. Terrance runs up and farts on its face, and the deer flinches. Terrance runs back as both men laugh.


NOOO: ho! [The door closes and the bus pulls away. Stan and Kyle look out the back window in dismay]
EH: heheh!
AND: here is a three toed sloth. [hangs from a branch with all four legs]
WHOA: kay, okay, everything is just fine, kids. Now it is important that we all stick together. Is everybody still here?
ESTOY: seguro que-uh mmm, que-aaah llega- llegarán. No se preocupe. Eh, olvidelo, ¿yeah-mbien? (I am sure they'll get here. No problem, forget I said anything.)
TWO: tostadas and mih um enchilito.


TOOLSHED: ...Woo hat?
BAB: ay,
MAYB: ay,
LIANE: What do you mean "what should "
TOOLSHED: what?
IRON: Maiden Tih Timmieh!
COON: Your evil doing days are over, Mosquito! All of you shall now be dealt the swift hand of justice!


HO-O: oh.
HEH: tchoo!
HOWDY: hey kids! [waves in the same way Mr. Hankey does, holds a martini in her left hand] Would you like a drink?
WE: wish you a merry Christmas -
DREIDEL: dreidel dreidel -
UHD: W, WW-e wish you a Merry Christmas
THAT'S: one twenty fourth of a second of our movie already shot! [exults]
SOUTH: Park Drive In, night. The boys' eyelids are drooping and they're tired
THIS...: place is pretty run down.
MY: family and I are here to get the drive in ready for the biig movie.
GET: help from our next door neighbor, 'cause
STAN: I don't know what to do, dude. Who should we help?
CARTMAN: I say we help Santa Claus!
CARTMAN: Ey! I don't need to take that kind of shit from a Jew! [both boys grin, and the sound man signals his approval with a thumbs-up]
EVEN: a miracle [a car comes in and runs over Kenny as the driver honks, leaving Kenny flat as a pancake. The boys just look in wonder]
SOUTH: Park Drive In, night. The drive-in is cleaned up now. The entire town shows up to see the short film. To the left, two klieg lights shine on a high platform on which stand the Mayor and her aides; Stan, Kyle, and Cartman. A decorated Christmas tree stands behind them. On close-up, though, Cartman is missing
WE: wish you a merry Christmas -
SURE.: Sh sure, Mr. Hankey.
I: guess- we might as go home now. [the boys leave and Mr. Hankey wilts]
DAD: you taught me an important lesson That crap is the cycle of everything.
WHAT: the -


EPISODE: starts in the playground. Bill plays catch with a blue hatted boy in a red shirt, a brown-haired girl, Annie, and Tolkien are on swings, and Pip and Red are on the hobby elephants. Stan is hiding behind a tree, using his gloved hand as a gun.
HUH: I dunno.
HURGH: rrh. Waiwait, wait wait. Hrhrhrhrh. Aha! Hr-rhrh. Oh my! Yeee-aaa!
HURH.: Uhwaiwait. Ye aauraah-
I: I don't wanna fight, I'm sorry.
GETTING: a cookie. We're building a clubhouse and then we're -
UM.: You said that even though Charo appeared twelve times on the Love Boat, the episode with Captain and Tennille got higher ratings.
WHILE: he's explaining the mediocrity of The Love Boat The Next Wave, the following takes place.
P-HUH: pass this h up.
I'M: not lying. Someone just handed me the -
UH.: U uh, taking over any conversation's bad.
OKAY: apparently we have a bit of a communication problem here. Uh, Mr. Marsh, tell me how you're feeling.
BUT: not like that son. Like this "Daaare".
BUT: I don't understand why we have to -
SHE: sees the note he has written which reads Meet me in the clubhouse. She tosses the note onto the sofa and walks out. Roy enters the living room after she has left.
SHARON: -
GUH: ow! Uh. Ey! Uh.


CARTMAN: Wu we don't really "need" the ticket stub, do we?
LOLLY: Sh orry boys. No ticket stub, no candy shopping spree. If you find it, you can come back, but you only have one week to claim the prize. That's called "The Ticking Clock." Works great in the movies. [steps backwards into the store and closes the door. The boys look at the door for a few seconds, then Cartman turns and steps forward]
CARTMAN: Because he has the God-damned ticket for the !
STUART: Thang thanks for coming by, boys. Ih-ih, it means a lot to us. [turns to his wife and consoles her] Aw now, honey. [joins her in sobbing]
CARTMAN: damnit! This isn't even GOOD chocolate milk mix!
RANDY: That's the ...s-s saddest thing I've ever heard.
I: said 9 11, 9-11, 9-11, Ni-hi, hi-hine___
FAT: man If... heaven is an eight-year old boy, and the ladder is my penis... [the camera moves away quickly, but the man keeps up] and the pearly gates are the- [static... the camera pulls back to show the reporter back at the desk, holding a TV status pattern on paper and hissing. He notices the camera and stops, putting the pattern down]
CARTMAN: Candy shopping sprees have that effect on people, Kyle.
SNN: reporter SNN Question of the Day Now that Americans believe in heaven, should we bomb it? The polls right now show that 51% of Americans think Saddam has to be dealt with, while 49% are wimpy tree-hugging pussies.


AL: Gore Have you noticed high deposits of sulfur or a salmon like odor coming from the caves lately?
TOUR: guide O kay, everyone, out of the cave. Now! [the group turns around and runs back towards the entrance. The collapse follows the group] Go! Go! Go out, now! [the last person out of the cave is Al Gore, and the cave entrance is sealed shut by the collapse of the cave ceiling]
KYLE: A all right, let's split up and look for a passageway. E-everyone take a different direction. [the boys split up. Kyle climbs along a pile of boulders] Oh man, we're in big trouble here.
CARTMAN: I just... I I don't feel very good. I'll just wa , I'll just weigh you guys down.
MINER: 1 The cave in was massive. It has cut off all access in or out. The children are believe to be trapped somewhere in this area. [circles with his index finger an area on the right side of the map]
AL: Gore I'm afraid you have a much bigger problem than a cave in.
CARTMAN: I just... n need to keep taking a crap. I got diarrhea, really bad.
SLEEP: time at the inner cave in. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny sleep. Cartman sits alone, smiling.
KYLE: C Cartman?


LINDA: Butters Don't forget dinner is in two hours!
BUTTERS: Oh. m, son of a bitch.
TWEEK: Rrrr-hr hrrr!!!
FORTY: three seconds later...
FRANCES: Www we don't have that much here.
TWEEK: Soon they'll discover frozen food. Goh ho.
TWEEK: uh huh.
CARTMAN: huh, suck it out of a hose, yeah.
KYLE: The sea people from Cartman's side are suicide bombing the buildings on Tweek's side.
TWEEK: Gaaa hah!
STAN: The sea people on Tweek's side just suicide bombed the Cartman statue.
CARTMAN: damnit! [two missiles, one from behind each statue, fly towards the surface and back down towards their respective targets. The impacts both missiles create tear the tank apart and the sea people flood out of the tank. Screams are heard as they fall to the ground. Cartman is stunned, he looks and falls on his knees.] Oh no! Oh the humanity!


TOWELIE: at home night. He gets to work at an old typewriter he puts a paper in and rolls it into place.
PUBLISHER: 2 It's heartbreaking passages like this one "I am a person who often gets hung out to dry by all those around me." I know this company would be honored to publish this book. I just have one small question first. You're not... a towel, are you?
MINGIE: She's a workaholic. Let's face it the only way we're ever goin' tuh get any attention is if Oprah doesn't work anymore.
AIDE: 2 Your fans look to you to be all-knowing and all seeing, and you've just spent two weeks supporting a lying racist towel.
OPRAH: Just come on the show and explain in a very level headed way that changing some facts shouldn't matter if the book helps people, okay?
OPRAH: We'll give you a five second headstart. [lights up her torch] One. Two. [throws away her lighter. Towelie hops off and starts running]
SWAT: officer 1 Got the walkie talkie you asked for.


STAN: H hang on, guys, my dad wants something.
CO: Worker Oh no.
PRESIDENT: Fellow board members we have a problem somebody in the World of Warcraft is ignoring the World's rules...and is going around killing innocent players..
USGS.: Randy is working in a much better environment now much more modern office, with several LCD screens around. Randy is online
CARTMAN: My friends as you all know, some giant butthole keeps logging onto Warcraft and killing all our characters.
JIMMY: We can really stick it to that assm-m muncher!
CARTMAN: Voulez vous coucher avec moi, Clyde? (Would you like to sleep with me, Clyde?)
JIMMY: So what's the p plan?
BUTTERS: O oh, o-oh, a-alright. All right then.
JASON: Yeah my mom says I have to be in bed at 9 30.
JIMMY: Kenny's down. K-k kenny is down. [Tweek is still burning, running around]
CARTMAN: There's lots of computer generated boars in Warcraft that die with just one blow.
KYLE'S: room 6 30 a.m. He rises from bed, which means he went to bed at 3:30 a.m. He's gotten as big and pimply as Stan. He hops out of bed, heads for his father's den and then to the computer and logs into the game to slaughter more boars.
CARTMAN: Command 0. [sniffs]
KYLE: Casting...there's an 8 second cast time.
MEMBER: 1 I if we could get to a computer, we could sign on to the World of Warcraft and give the boys the sword online.
GREETER: Our demo is set up right over by the [Randy runs to the demo. A small boy is playing the game. Randy shoves him off and logs him out.]
STAN: Bring up your inventory screen Control-I...


STAN'S: room 7 30 a.m. His alarm goes off and he sits up, turns the alarm off, and heads for his computer. He turns on his monitor and tries to visit Steam. His browser tells him he's not connected to the Internet
OLD: Timer Kansas City. Had me a store there. Kind of... computer supply store. When the Internet went, the stores went too.


AAAAAA-: [the image freezes in place, so that Fonzie is suspended in mid-air]
I: am saying this because we must be saved uh. The Lord is powerful and he will smote the sinners and send them to everlasting hell-uh. If you do not live your life for Him-uh, then to the lake of fire you shall go-uh! [a group of adults gathers just outside the rear school doors. Kyle joins Cartman on the platform...]
MANY: of you knew Kenny McCormick. He was a playful school going eight-year-old. And then yesterday, he was [throws himself down face-first] smacked down by the Lord-uh! [rises] God b****-slapped him right to the fiery depths of hell! So when will you go? Tomorrow? Ten years? Does it mattah?! No! Because unless you give this life to the Lord, that life belongs to Satan-uh! [kids gasp, adults go glum] But we cannot worship God in that church where that priest of sin resides, [Kyle has left and now returns with an easel with a picture of a church on it] so we will build a new church-uh. With crystal walls, a ceiling 80 feet high, and a slide that connects this part hmya [near the top of the left-side wall] to this part hmya. [the grass down below] Who will help us?
PRAISE: uh!
I: don't know. I I guess so, but now I have to go home and tell Chris.
THIS: is bea utiful. Thine church is almost completed.
UH...: yeah. Gr great.
LET'S: see... Matthew 15 11. "Not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man; but that which comes out of the mouth defileth a man." That's a good one, Clyde Frog. Interesting. [Sister Anne approaches]
HELLO: Satan ooh, crap! It's you!
TODAY: this Jewish boy and all sinners are going to be saved uh! Kyle, do you believe in God-uh?
DO: you want to be saved from hell uh?!
PRAISE: the Lord uh!
HUH: Hallelujah!
WE: are gonna save you and you are gonna walk with the Lord uh!
HE: walks uh!
EH: everybody bought the whole act! They keep giving and giving until we have it all!
WAIT-WAIT-WAIT-WAIT: wait. You mean that this whole thing has just been a way for you to make ten million dollars?
LET'S: go ice skating.


MCGEE: zax Who wants it next, huh?! [a shot of the crowd at Times Square] Anyone else on this planet wanna be a hero? [the crowd there covers its head, as do the various world leaders]
MCGEE: zax I'm on the lam. Got the entire Federation of Planets after me. But they ain't gonna catch me, ya got that?! They might have busted my warp drive, but you obviously know how to make 'em! [tosses the car to Randy, who catches it]
MCGEE-ZAX: I can kill any mug on this two bit planet I want! [a shot of McGee-zax from Akihabara, Tokyo. The Japanese cower and react to his image]
MCGEE: zax You build me a new warp drive or you're all gonna get it, see?!
MCGEE: zax What's takin' so long?! You're stallin'!
MCGEE: zax Alright, that does it! [fires off another shot into the sky. A second later Randy gets a call on his cell phone]
MCGEE: zax Aw zahts, it's the intergalactic police.
MCGEE: zax You'd better get rid of 'em or your whole planet is gonna get it, see?! [goes towards South Park Market] You tell 'em you ain't seen nothin', you got that?! [the sliding doors open and he takes Stan into the store] I ain't goin' to space jail! [the doors close. The police ship lands and two space officers come out and walk down their ramps to the ground. One officer has two mouths, the other just one. Both of them have four eyes and broad shoulders]
RANDY: Ahhh actually I I happen to be on the phone with all the world leaders- I- I can ask. Uh yeah, listen, these, uh, police aliens are here, and they're wondering if anyone's seen an alien named Baby Fark McGee-zax.
RANDY: ...Uh. That's r . That's right! [shakes his head in mock surprise] Oh, oh my God! Hey everybody, we just made first contact!
OFFICER_1: Mathematical semi tonal is fine. [the space officers go back up their ramps to the ship, the ramps vanish behind them. Two blinking orbs appear above the ship and it takes off.]
MCGEE: zax I don't need it painted, I just need it functional, all right?! [waves the gun around]
MCGEE: zax I swear, if you don't have that thing workin' in three minutes this whole planet is done for!
MCGEE: zax What are you two whispering about, riiight?
RANDY: Alright fine look there's plenty of space cash to go around! [hangs up on the leaders] Thanks to us, our planet is rich, son! [the general and other federal agents take the space cash away in boxes as Randy grins]
HAN: Seung soo No changes.
MCGEE: zax My real name is Kevern Zaksor. I am the ambassador to new planet testing. [Stan and Randy look at each other]


STAN: L look, is this a religion? Because my family is like, Catholic or something.
BRIAN: Oho that's just this thing What's the Denver Broncos' record now? Six and two?
MICHELLE: Somethin , [soft giggle] something's wrong. Brian, could you come over here a second?
BRIAN: The E meter results from the little boy in Room D
PRESIDENT: I've waited... forty two years... for this day.
CRUISE: Ha haven't I done well, L. Ron? Haven't you enjoyed my acting? Which film did you like best?
STAN: h. I mean, you're not... you're not like as good as Leonardo DiCaprio, but you're okay, I guess.
CHANNEL: 4 Network News South Park Evening News.
RANDY: Wasn't L. Ron Hubbard a science fiction writer?
TRAVOLTA: Mm maybe you took what he said out of context. Okay, 's like, if you don't come out, can I at least come in and talk to you?


CARTMAN: hoh man! A $20 gift certificate at the mall! I can buy whatever I want! Cultural Diversity Day kicks ass!
"JENNIFER: Lopez Taco-Flavored Kisses" is shown, The hand has its costume on hanging down from it.
I'LL: give you taco flavored kisses, honey!
FULFILL: all your wishes with my taco flavored kisses.
CARTMAN: as Jennifer Lopez Fulfill all your wishes with my taco flavored kisses.
AIDE: 2 I don't think J Lo would like it very much if we signed this new girl.
BHI: President Wu well a very talented younger singer has come to our attention and, and the truth of the matter is her name happens to be Jennifer Lopez as well. And we really can't have two here at BHI Records.
AIDE: 2 Bu- AND you're a mean spirited bitch who spits on people who aren't rich and famous.
CARTMAN: Shut your damned mouth!
I: won't still give you taco flavored kisses, honey.
GIVE: you lots of taco flavored kisses-
CARTMAN: as Jennifer Lopez Taco flavored kisses for my Ben.
KYLE: damn well what! Now get outta here!


DAMLA: uh, yes. It is.
DAMLA: Mmm I don't know. [looks away and down]
BUTTERS: We ell hold on a second, you guys.
BUTTERS: ...So I told you guys before [with emphasis] I'm not Kenny.
STAN: All right the original AVID cut of Star Wars Episode I
CARTMAN: Buh ters! Buh-ters!
MAN: with foot on head The talk show circuit. Don't tell us this is your first one.
ANNOUNCER: Next on the Maury Povich show we bring back some of our favorite disfigured people [four scenes: first, the man with the foot on his head is talking to the girl with rapid aging disease and disfigured country singer, then the disfigured country singer is shown eating a subway sub, then the man with no face shows his disfigurement, and finally Butters' shadow is shown in profile] and introduce you to some new ones.
CARTMAN: Did he say "the... largest putt putt golf course in the world"?
OPERATOR: Please help my out-of control child.
STAN: I told them where to find you.
BUTTERS: For havin' balls on my AH! Ah, I mean, nothin'. [strikes the pose again] Ah I'm not grounded.
ANNOUNCER: Today on Maury Povich These moms [three are shown. Only Liane grins] don't know what to do with their out-of-control kids! [a fat blonde girl is shown, then Cartman's school picture] Young boys and girls so whorish on our show that it borders on child pornography!
CARTMAN: What evah! I ran for Congress and won. Then I had sex with an intern, killed her, and hid her body! What-evah, I'll do what I waunt!
CARTMAN: I slaughtered five baby seals with my bare hands. What evah! I'll do what I waunt!
MAURY: Let's bring her out here's Chantal! [Chantal crawls out amid audience boos. The camera focuses on her diaper. Chantal reaches Joline, who picks her up and sits her on the chair next to hers] So Joline, exactly how is your daughter out of control? You say she flirts with older men? [Chantal plays with her rattle]
JOLINE: Maurih it's like this Whenever I have friends over to the house Chantal will come waltzin' in the livin' room completely naked!
VANITY: Whatevah. I helped in a drive by shooting.
CARTMAN: What evah. I digitally put Jabba the Hutt back into the original Star Wars movie! I'll do what I waunt!
ELEPHANT: man A lot of decent hard working freaks in America are losing their talk-show jobs to freaks of a different nature. Sure, everyone in this great country of ours is a freak, but true, physically deformed freaks must be recognized, for it's these real freaks that make you all feel better about yourselves for not being one. So next time you're watching television, make sure it's a show with "freak" freaks, and not just with people that are freaks because they're stupid trailer trash from the South. That's what we mean when we say, "Look for the True Freak label" [his image fades to that of the True Freak label]


MONTAGE: Cartman tries out his suit in front of a full-length mirror in his room. Stan and Kyle try out suits in Kyle's room. Next, the boys are in a department store purchasing cell phones at Bull's Eye. Next, Stan and Kyle carry an executive desk into the new office. Next, Cartman and Kenny steal a fountain from somebody's backyard. Next, flyers for the new agency, Super Awesome Talent Agency, are printed out. Next, the boys are at a copy center to get some business cards. Next, Cartman and Kyle set up signs around town. Next, the finished office is shown... in Cartman's basement. The four boys congratulate each other for a job well done.
CARTMAN: Wait a minute You guys this is very important when I bring Tolkien back to the office, have Kenny hide in another room, and call the phone on my desk.
TOLKIEN: I'm supposed to be home by 3 30.
CARTMAN'S: basement er, Super Awesome Talent Agency. Cartman takes Tolkien down the stairs and onto the agency floor
CARTMAN: Now Tolkien I I know what you're saying to yourself You're saying, "Hey, why do I need an agency? Why should I give them 10%?" Right?
KYLE: Ahh d, excuse me, sir, did I hear you say you needed somebody for your show?
PRODUCER: Be at this address tomorrow 2 00 PM sharp. And don't be late.
CARTMAN: Who let ?


MY: paper was on the suffering of bottle nose dolphins.
IF: they're working in a sweat shop that is.
MMM: mmm, Mr. Hat, that was a long time ago, and, and I was only a child.
KNOCK: knock, Mr. Hat.
IT: wasn't fair she had choreography. How could we compete with that?
CARTMAN'S: house. He's doing exactly what Stan predicted sitting on the couch in front of the TV and eating Cheesy Poofs.
BUT: m-ae m, I need it for tomorrow!
WEIGHT: Gain 4000 it's helping me bulk up.
K-I-S-S-I-N: G! First comes the baby and...
MY: essay by Eric Cartman "When I wrote the following pages, or rather the bulk of them, I lived alone in the woods on the shore of..."
TOWN: Square. It's official Kathie Lee Gifford is arriving today as the countdown sign is finally changed. The recording equipment is slowly prepared. Mr. Garrison walks down the street with his rifle as if it's normal.
FORGET: it kid. No Kathie Lee no public interest.


CARTMAN: Ask the guys. There's six hospitals within a ten mile radius, and all we do is pit the crack babies against each other with a little ball of crack.
CARTMAN: Kyle it says right there Rule number 3. Crack baby players cannot receive compensation of any kind for their playing.
CARTMAN: We're a non profit company, Kyle.
CARTMAN: It's not illegal Kyle. Tell you what I'll do some undercover work and find out how the other companies get away with it.
KYLE: Here's the thing Whether or not I'm a part of it, crack baby basketball is popular. Somebody's going to do it. So the only way for me to try and help the situation is to be involved in it, so that I can steer things in a direction that is more beneficial to the actual crack babies. [Stan just blinks, still half-awake. Kyle turns and looks at him] Oh, it's sooo easy for you, isn't it? I mean, what do you have to do except lay there and think about what you did at school today, or what you want to watch on TV tomorrow? Well sorry, Skippy, but the world isn't always black and white! Just because some people are born poorer than others doesn't mean I can't enjoy a few McDonald's French fries in a hot tub of gravy from Kentucky Fried Chicken!
CRAIG: Slash isn't real. He's a made up person that represents care and giving, and people dress up like him and lie to their kids.
BUTTERS: Slash is make believe??
KYLE: You don't think that ? But he isn't real.


BUTTERS: Wo ah I'm getting steamed now. [follows the other three. The phone remains on the floor]
CARTMAN: A AIDS?
JARED: Y you think so. Well, why... should it matter?
CARTMAN: Oh-my god! [turns around] You guys! I think I'm having a genius moment. Yes. Yes! Its coming to me now.
KYLE: Tha that's diarrhea.
CARTMAN: Weh who do you think I'm talkin' about, Butters? Joyce de Witt?
STAN: You wouldn't be a penis butt, Butters, you'd be famous. Just think about all those people following you around, singing songs to you just because you lost some weight...
KYLE: Twenty two point three years. That's how long it takes for something tragic to become funny.
BUTTERS: Wull I can't eat no more. I I just keep pukin' it up.
JARED: Thank hoo, thank you all. Subway is a healthy way to eat fast food and lose weight!
JARED: Having aides - is awesome! With aides you can literally watch the fat melt away! And with the proper mix of aides and Subway sandwiches, anything is possible! [the rep, looking on in dismay, has had enough and pushes Jared out of the way to take the mic]
BUTTERS: W well, k-kinda like Cartman. [Cartman slaps Butters and shakes him] Aw!
CARTMAN: I think we're looking at a non-exclusive two-year fifty picture deal here. My calculations put that at about four million dollars.
BUTTERS: go where?
BUTTERS: No but you don't sound like me.
JARED: Yes. ...Y you mean you all thought...? Oh my Gosh!
SKEETER: Aha [stops and realizes something] ...Hey. We're all laughing. [everyone stops and listens]
BUTTERS: Hu oh! Goody!
BUTTERS: perfect.


GENERAL: Deckter Quick boys how does the Imagination Song go?
IMAGINA-HE: hey-
IMAGINA: eh
IMAGINA-A: ation, Imagina-
CARTMAN: I was thinking of using a high speed shutter with a low depth of field. What do you think?
KYLE: AAAAAAAAAAAA [ManBearPig lets go of Kyle as the tractor beam fiinally pulls it in. Kyle lays on the floor, blue in the face. Kyle has died...]


END: of act one. Time 7:50
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
END: of act two. Time 13:59
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
I: don't wanna let my Trapper Keeper get -
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
ONE-TWO: three, not it!
NOT-: Aw, damnit..! [walks up to the hissing hose and climbs in]
AGH-: ! [four metallic arms from all directions reach out to trap him, then six more organic ones come in to secure him]
END: of act three. Time 18:58
BSM: 471
BSM: 471
BSM: 471


WHIPPY: tippy tootoo, tralala-la. Whippy-tippy tootoo, tralala-la. [Stan tries opening the door again]
O: hoh, yehah, I'm sure your wife would love that.
SSH: shouldn't you be hangin' out with your wife right now?
THA: at sounds awful dangerous.
WHA: ah I don't know about this, uh. I think I'll reconsider. Yep uh I think reconsiderin' is the thing to do right now. [Dougie pushes him off] Waaah! [slides down to Barbrady and bounces off the hook] Gooh. [runs to the reporter]
MMM: me too. [other men begin to answer]
O: hoh, I believe we've saved the day! [Butters joins them]


SOUTH: Park Elementary later. Three girls walk to class Wendy, Bebe, and Red. Wendy is talking.
STAN: arriving with a group of boys Kyle, Cartman, Tolkien, Butters, Tweek, and Clyde] Ah, hey, Bebe.
BEBE: Uh. Listen guys um it's 5 30. I'm supposed to get home, so... I'll see you later. [leaves. The boys continue grunting and putting on displays. She walks faster the farther she moves from the boys. The boys notice her absence and stop.]
MR.: Mackey Uuuuh okay. Go ahead, Clyde.
WENDY: But then the mall closes at 4 00 or 5:00, so who knows w-
BEBE: ...You guys still wanna go ice skating after school?
BEBE: I wanna have breast reduction surgery. [the doctor leans forwards and visually inspects Bebe's chest]
RIGHT: breast Soon the entire tow [Bebe awakens]
KYLE: Sssss so ...Bebe ...didn't become smart and cool? It was just her boobs?


PAULA: Deen Hey y'all. Tonight we're gonna be makin' some deep fried chicken.
WOMAN: 1 Introducing the Shake Weight. A spring loaded workout device you pump with your arms. Just grab the piston and go to work. One-handed or double-fisted.
RANDY: Bohh riiing.
RANDY: I know 'cause I don't know that! That's what I'm saying! Gaw! [walks away thwarted and goes to his den. He picks up a cordless phone on the way. He leaves the lights off in there and walks to his desk, dialing a number. He sits down as his call is answered]
AMANDA: I'm making a pan roasted chicken.
SHAKE: Weight You are a go getter. You are strong and confident.
ALTON: Brown And our celebrity sous chefs, Mario Batali, Paula Deen [she waves], and Giada De Laurentiis with her perky tats and gigantic head.
MONTAGE: opener to a special program closeups of a chef slicing a carrot to bits, another chef working on a pan dish, another grinding meat, another flipping a steak over, another kneading bread


JIMBO: Bye bye!
GERALD: Good bye!
RANDY: Good bye, Chef! Have a good time at the Super Adventure Club!
CHEF: N No! No.
TOWNSFOLK: Later. Great to have you back. Bye bye. See ya Chef. See you later. Bye-bye.
CLYDE: I gotta I gotta go. [turns right and walks off]
CHEF: damn!
DR.: Neeland No no wait. Let him go. [Chef moves closer and stands in awe of Spontaneous Bootay]
CHEF: I'm goinna I'm gonna-
CARTMAN: Maybe maybe he's still okay. [the other boys look at him, dumbfounded] No, really. They say the last thing you do before you die is crap your-


INSTRUCTOR: Karutamane san! What are you doing?!
CARTMAN: I'm doing some sweet bun sow moves. [an aside] I'm a little better than everyone else here.
INSTRUCTOR: Eriku san, you must follow direction! You raku disciprine!
CARTMAN: Nah uh, I don't raku disciprine!
INSTRUCTOR: Mina san! You all needu more disciprine! [softens his tone] True disciprine... come from within. We are out of time. I will see you on Tuesday. [he dismisses the class in Japanese, they answer back]
KYLE: You know I didn't even get home until 2 30.
ALCOHOLICS: Anonymous meeting. A 12 step program is on the wall behind the speaker.
BILL: I've been using the 12 step program for about two months now and, and I'm really turning my life around. No more blowing guys on Colfax Avenue for a pint of vodka for THIS cowboy! [the group claps. Bill sits down]
RANDY: I've got a disease Alcoholism. It's pretty serious. You?
JOSH: Mm my daughter has elephantitis [the camera pans down to a horribly deformed girl with a bad breathing condition and crutches.]
RANDY: Oh. Well tell you what let's leave the car here, walk home, and watch the game. Like to have another beer or two.


HE: yeah, that's what Kyle's little brother is all right! [Kyle swings Ike by his feet, knocking Cartman down.] Ow! [Ike laughs.]
THAT'S: when they put this big metal hoop-a joop up yo' butt.
MAKE: you moooooan and perspi yah!
GONNA: -
LOVE: luh -
ABOUT: the moon-a and the June-a and the Spring a,
I: love to sing a,
ABOUT: a sky of blue-a or a tea for two a...
DON'T: be such a fraidy cat, Cartman. This rope will make sure they can't take you on board again.
I: love to sing a,
ABOUT: the moon-a and the June-a and the Spring a,
I: love to sing a,
ABOUT: a sky of blue a or a tea for...


IKE: Waaaah- [flies across the street and lands in some snow on the other side] Ow.
KYLE: What is a proc tologist, Chef?
CARTMAN: Eh- Aaaaah. Ooooh ah. Uuuuu, aaaaah.
KYLE: damnit Cartman!
JEFF: you know. Candy bars. They usually come in a wrapper. Just like you... wrap a Christmas present. Christmas happens when it's cold. Cold, as in Alaska - that's... with polar bears. Polar bears... polar-- polarity! I can switch the polarity to see what transmissions are coming from the location this one is being sent to! [turns around and types away on the console. The power cuts out and the center goes dark.] What the heck? [the sound of heavy ships is heard, and two bright beams light up the room. Everyone looks towards a window. Outside, a visitor walks up and looks in through one end window. A second one looks through the other end window. The windows shatter] They're coming in! [a glow appears outside a door and permeates it. The door shuts and two visitors enter. The other two come in through the window and the four of them converge on the boys, Chef, and Jeff.]
ALIEN: Dy-no mite!
JEFF: When I reversed the polarities I found this [sits at the console and starts pressing keys. 1s and 0s flash across a screen] It's a message that the aliens are broadcasting throughout the entire universe. But I have no idea what it says.
STAN: Our planet is just a reality TV show?
JOOZIAN: 1 He all right, all right Earthlings! Ya, you win! The show can stay on.


RESEARCHER: 1 You don't understand doing this stuff is very expensive. And we've never tried a penis before; there's no guarantee it would work.
CARTMAN: Whatever. The whole class scored super high on the test.
CLASS: "I mis interpreted the rules."
CLASS: "I mis interpreted the rules."
CLASS: "I mis interpreted the rules."
OUTSIDE.: The penis mouse climbs along items behind the restaurant and runs along the top of a wooden fence. The camera follows it past the moon in the distance. The mouse stops and looks at the moon


BILL: Owens Then I would have something to fall back on. So something to take all the pressure off of me.
MRS.: Garrison Let's see what happens when we put two same sex couples together to take care of an egg, shall we?! Kyle, you are now with Stan! And Wendy is with Bebe! [Kyle and Wendy exchange glances]
BILL: Owens Y you are equal. It's just that instead of getting "engaged," you would be... butt buuuddies. And everyone is happy!
MRS.: Garrison You have to get an A Eric. Here I'll sign this new egg for you. We'll pretend this never happened, all right? [goes about making a duplicate egg for Cartman] Just... put on the old hair, color in the same eyes... There we go, good as new. [places it near Cartman and puts the shattered one in his desk drawer] Go enjoy the rest of your recess.
MRS.: Garrison No you can' Hello? Hello!! [hauls Jakartha into view by the lapel] You told me you killed that freak egg!!


HEH: aaaah, Timmih!
AGH: ight, Timmih!
T: TIIMMAY TIMMAY!
I'VE: got a one legged pig if you'd like, too.
BOOPSIE: kins, It's late. You need to be in bed.
DUDE: don't forget Timmy is the only kid who can play Helen Keller. Don't piss him off.
I: know I know but listen Uh, let me try to explain the position I'm in here. The r******* turkey belongs to our friend, Timmy. And Timmy's the only person who knows the part of Helen Keller. So, so tell me what I can do here to make everybody happy?
WHOA: aaaa [dances away]
T: Timmih? [a bit afraid]
SO: wait. Do we do that spin around thing on the last beat?


MMM: mmm.
HOWDY: ho, folks. We're gonna do somethin' a little bit different tonight. Instead of our normal thing, we're just gonna sit back and enjoy some holiday songs. And if ya don't like it, well, I guess you can suck my tiny little balls. So let's start off with a festive Hanukkah song, sung by my favorite Jewish person in the whole world.
KEEP: spinning learn
FRONT: Sheila. Left: Stan and Kyle. Right: Cartman, Ike, and Gerald
FRONT: Cartman. Left: Ike and Gerald. Right: Kyle and Sheila. Center: Stan
FRONT: Gerald. Left: Stan and Sheila. Right: Cartman, Ike, and Kyle.
KEEP: spinning learn
FRONT: Stan. Left: Cartman and Gerald. Right: Ike, Kyle, and Sheila
FRONT: Ike. Left: Kyle and Stan. Right: Gerald and Cartman. Center: Sheila
BIG: finish. Kyle steps forward. Left Stan and Sheila. Right: Cartman and Gerald. On the sofa back: Ike. Some more dancing ensues
OUR: people know our people always win.
AAA: aaa!
IT'S: Christ-mas time in Hell!!!![the damned form circles around two trees. Demons hover around Satan]
STAR: Wars lettering "Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics"
HOWDY: ho!
DING: dong ding dong, that is their song
THREE: Mackeys appear in split screen
DING: dong ding dong, that is their song
DING: Can you hear them?
DING: Can you hear them?
DI: ing m'kay.
DI: ing!
ING: dong ding dong, m'kay___
IT: is the night of our dear Savior's b-b-b birth
DI: viiine! [Present-day Cartman rips into more presents at home]
STAR: Wars lettering "Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics"
HOWDY: ho!
AND: what [turns and points at them]
AND: let [walks to the boys]
MCKEMICK'S: Night Club. Tonight Jesus and Saint Nick. A man goes towards the club.
CUTE: little eight-pound me Santa Oo-oo)
ASLEEP: in Santa on) the hay.
O: come ye to Bethlehem to see ee Me...
SANTA: Cl em
BUT: I brought some corn for poopity poppin'.
STAR: Wars lettering "Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics"
HOWDY: ho!


TOSS-A: Ball operator
IS: it like a haunted house or something?
LET'S: see each ticket is a dollar, so three tickets is like two twenty-five.
THEY: head back over to the Toss-A Ball.
O: kay, five dollars for three balls.
WHAT'S: all the hoo ha?
THINK: about it dude $5,000. That's 1,000 set of balls. That's 3,000 balls! We'd have to win enough to get the dolls!
O: kay, I'll get on the bull.
YE: gah!
BE: careful with old Bob here. He ain't much for a ridin' anymore, but he's all I got.
WE: need him to win a bull riding contest so we can get Terrance and Phillip dolls. Can he still do it?
SHUNKARAH: puntaur lah turi.
WHERE: are we going to put a 60 foot tall statue of a cow?
FUCKY: sucky, five dorrah.
MMMM: gahyah! Git along, little doggies!
FUCKY: sucky five dollah.
THIS: is the first mass cow suicide I've seen in at least eight months.
TOSS-A: Ball Operator
TOSS-A: Ball Operator
AW: I ah I tell you what, boys. Uh, I'm gonna be really nice and just- trade you the 5000 for the Terrance and Phillip dolls.
HO: kay okay, let's calm down. People of South Park, do you declare Shenanigans on the carnival people?


AND: that night he ee saw an angel
RANDY: damned religious kooks! Tell my son what to believe, will you?! We'll see how you like my fist in your ass! [approaches the front door of the house and pounds on the door. Gary's father answers it]
RANDY: Y you can call me... Randy.
HARRIS: A and so Joseph Smith put his head into a hat, a-and read to me what the golden plates said. I wrote it all down and we're gonna publish it into a book.


BUTTERS: Ww well, because he got crippled, but now he can move his finger. He is an inspiration to us all. That's why everyone ditched on your show.
TIMMY: Ha-a-aaa-haaa a.
CARTMAN: damnit!!
JIMMY: We just have one question before we join your c club. Do you think it's better to be born a Crip, or to become a Crip later by accident?
TIMMY: Uh-tu Timmih!
JIMMY: That's an amm mmazing coincidence. I mean, there's not one crippled colored person in South Park. [as they walk, a police car rolls up and the passenger-side officer calls out]
JIMMY: We're goin' to pop some punk ass Bloods.
JIMMY: So does that mean we can join the c c...club?
JIMMY: Ah are you sure?
JIMMY: Sixty-five... bottles of... beer on the wall. Six [outside, a car rolls up to the house slowly. Four Bloods look at the house, all of them with masks on]
JIMMY: The... B Bloods?
JIMMY: The they do??
JIMMY: This is gonna be t terrific!
REEVE: Stem cell research has made me stronger than I ever thought possible! Why stop now?!
JIMMY: It's called a lock in at the rec center. We can use all the rec center facilities. We can play basketball, go swimming, or even just kick it in the lounge area with some games and ...p-puzzles.
HACKMAN: We just helped pass a ban on stem cell research. Your fetus-sucking days are over!


BUTTERS: I see a ladybug Hello lady ladybug. [Stan simple stretches out his left arm and catches the ball, then pitches it to Alan. Alan swings and misses]
CARTMAN: Post season?
KYLE: Nobody said anything about a post season.
STAN: I know but listen the finals are all sudden-death elimination, right? That means as soon as we lose one game, our season is over.
RANDY: Wha what do you mean?
DJ: ...the Beatles in the White Album in Helter Skelter. Okay [Randy clicks the radio off]
UMPIRE: R right over here. [Kyle 1 looks, then goes to one side of the plate with his back to the pitcher. The umpire positions him properly]


CARTMAN: There's not there's not even condiments on his bologna sandwich! [Kenny glares at Cartman.]
GIRLS': Table Together as one -
BOYS: [Dancing]
GIRLS: [Dancing]
WE'LL: always be dancin' and singin' aloud. Ahh-ahh-ahh ahh!
CARTMAN: [looking around and getting pissed off] God this sucks!
JIMMY: Do you feel like maybe you're l-l losin' her, S-Stan?
JIMMY: M Maybe you should just talk to her. You know, a little conversation. Tell her... what you feel.
SOMETIMES: you feel like there's a b burnin' inside you, like a-
MR.: Gueermo Ooo, that sounds emotional! [holds his hand against his ear to listen better]
MR.: Gueermo Stupid ass boy!
CARTMAN: "That was supposed to be my power up pack, I'm Scott Malkinson and I have diabetes."
MR.: Gueermo Awww. I'm going slap happy! [chases after the agents and slaps them several more times before they finally reach their car]


KYLE: Schwartz Ah-a-a alright, I'm done.
KYLE: Schwartz Ye yes, I-I've tallied up all the times you've been naughty and deducted the times you've been nice.
KYLE: Schwartz A-a aactually it looks like this year you're gonna owe Santa three hundred and six presents.
JIMMY: ...and a par tridge in a... p...pear t...t...tree. On the third day of C...Chrihhh...Chriiii...
JIMMY: ...and a par tridge in a... p...pear tree. On the ...fourth day of C...C...Ca...Chriiiistmas my t-true love g-ge-gave to me-mee...
GNOME: 2 Ultimate failure at o sixhundred feet! [the sleigh swings around violently, tossing Santa off. Santa holds on to one of the skids]
JIMMY: Six geese are laying... fu...five go oldenh ...uhrings. Fodom... dom... du...du...t...du... Four calling biiirds...
JIMMY: On the el- el- el- eleventh day of C Christmas my t...true love gave to me, e-eleven p-p-pipers p-pu-p-piping...
JIMMY: And a p-p-par-tridge in a p peeeaaar treeee. [a moment of silence follows. No more is heard from Jimmy]


I: walk hand-in hand with Jesus
HELL.: Music is heard and the camera pans right past this sign "Don't Forget! IT'S LUAU SUNDAY!!!"
AND: all the ama ama come swimmin' to me
AND: all the ama-ama come a swimming to me
SATAN: look I know our relationship wasn't perfect. Okay? I know that. I was too busy tryin' to take over the world to give you what you needed. But I've changed, Satan. [flashes his charm]
GOOD: bye, Saddam!
BUT: crackers are his body.
HUH: I can't whistle if I eat too many crackers.
LOOK: all you have to know is that when the priest gives you the cracker, you eat it! Okay?!
O: kay.
AND: thennn there was the time we held that little first grader down and farted on him for 28 minutes.
NO-O-O-O: o!
NO-O: o.
HN: yeah, those were the days, boy. What the hell is this crap we're eating, anyway?
L: look, Saddam, I know that you and Satan had a relationship [Saddam reaches down to stroke Satan's right leg] And I just want you to know [Satan swats Saddam's arm away] that I'm totally okay with you guys staying friends.
ALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHT.: You heard the priest the first thing we have to do is get you guys all baptized. Come on. [the boys exit]
HAAA: ay, Timmmiih!
DO: mentally challenged people go to hell?
NOTHING.: I just- I'm just- really tired is all. Can we just, please go to sleep? [Chris looks let down] Chris, seriously. I'm just tired, okay?
M: Mrs. Donovan is a temptress from hell! [begins to weep]
WE: have-uh repeatedly broken God's commandments uh! We have lived our lives for ourselves-uh! Totally ignoring the Lord-uh! [Chef and Mr. Garrison arrive] If thy hand offend thee, cut it off! [Stan's parents and the nun are there] It is much better for thee to enter into life maimed-


NUH: now, who was that?
WOAH: oh.
WE: hell, "sorry" isn't going to cut the cheese this time, mister—I'm afraid I'm going to have to suspend you from school.
BUT: but it was an honest error of judgment, m'kay? I-I really thought it was important for the kids to know the smell of marijawana, m'ka—
LOOK: children. This is all I'm goin' to say about drugs stay away from them. There's a time and place for everything, and it's called college. Do you understand?
WH: what's that?
OH-UH: uh, I don't drink, m'kay?
MA: marijuwana makes you feel depressed and low, m'kay?
BUT: my parents are gonna cut off his ding dong!
DON'T: kick the -
BYE: bye.
HEADSTONE: reads "Ike Moisha Broflovski 1996-1998, Born a Canadian, died an American".
WHAT-WHAT: whaaat?!
HE-E: ey, man, I overheard what you said; that was coool!
WOULD: you like to come over to my place and finger paint?
ALL: the time "Look out for your little brother, Kyle!", "Take care of your little brother, Kyle", and he wasn't even really my little brother.
TWO-YEAR: old Canadian boy, two-year-old Canadian boy... Oh, I think they might have one of those down at Haps Bar.
MR.: Mackey and the blonde are in bed admiring the finger painting they have done all over the room, including the ceiling.
NOW: I feel I can start anew -
UH-: What the hell is going on?!
UHH...: Dru drugs are baad.
MORE: guests arrive for Ike's bris. Ding dong.
KYLE...: a a circumcision is a very common thing for Ike to have. His father had it, his grandfather had it, and...
AND-A: one and-a two and a... bris. [Snip.]
OUCH.: Buh-buh-buh buh.


LISA: O hoh, yes Josh. Yehehessss!
SGT.: Yates Alright listen you have five seconds to leave or we're gonna put you in the jail and call your parents!
SGT.: Yates Whatever. Then we'll just put you in [is surprised again. The other detectives are also surprised, as the Coon isn't by the file cabinet anymore.]
NEWS: stand night. The headline on today's South Park Herald "Who Is Mysterion?" The camera pulls back to reveal Mysterion looking around and running down the sidewalk across the street.
PROFESSOR: Chaos O oh careful General Disarray.
PROFESSOR: Chaos Weh oh yeah. [turns and walks away. General Disarray walks away also, and the Coon follows them]
PROFESSOR: Chaos Hey Coon w-we aren't actually gonna blo blow up anything, are we?
PROFESSOR: Chaos Whowell I b- Well I b ah I just would jes one nigh-, and then the Coon saw it up and I wa able to, and was able to [begins to mumble and fade out]


FATHER: Huh Blesse blessing full of love.
CARTMAN: ed a fine time to leave me, Lucille
LIANE: Oh ye yes, of course,sweetie.
GINGER: 3 Ex terminate?
CARTMAN: D don't you see? If we go and exterminate everyone who isn't ginger, then we're no better than they were for thinking less of us. Maybe we all have to learn to live... together.


ALRIGHT: alright. Let's just try it again. 1-2-3 4. [again, the march and play. Cartman gets carried away and the others glare at him]
NOW: remember everybody for a good reenactment we've got to pretend down to the last detail that we're really in the Civil War. So when the North wins, all of us on the Confederate side should act all bummed and depressed. [continues as the boys speak]
"TAMARACK: Hill " 9 00 A.M. The Reenactment. Bleachers flank Grandpa on either side as the North and the South face off before him. Each side has set up its camp
YEH: hah! [the battle continues, and even a cow gets into the act]
10: 24 A.M., reenactment - second attempt.
SOUTH: Park Banquet Hall 3 45 p.m. Reenactment after party. The men are all in conversation
YES.: E-e enjoy your freedom, gentlemen. Soon, you will be my properteh. Come, Kenny. Come fight for us, and I'll make sure you get lots of plunder and womens.
TOPEKA: Kansas 7 53 A.M., next morning. A rooster crows. The town goes about its business. A mailman delivers some mail. A woman opens the school door. A traffic cop directs traffic. Two kids play catch in front of the school. The woman returns with the flag and hoists it up on the flagpole, and the mailman drops by.
I'M: afraid I was grading papers pretty late and [both turn in the direction of a rumble. Everyone stops and looks in the same direction]
UH-UH: uh schnapps? Uhm, uh-uh-I guess that would be at the liquor store.
OH.: O oh, okay.
CHATTANOOGA: Tennessee 2 35 P.M. The town is destroyed and in flames. The men revel in their victory. Stan and Kyle approach the city with Grandpa and look over it from a hill
NOW: we just wait until morning. Check mate, Cartman. Pretty soon, you're gonna be our slave.
MMM-OH.: Gmm oh, my head.
I: got you. Oo oh. [the men laugh and chase each other around trying to grab asses here and there]
ATTENTION: political activists you are on government historical monument property! Surrender the monument with your hands up! If you would like a tour of the fort, one can be arranged through the South Carolina Chamber of Commerce.
YEE: haw! All right!
WASHINGTON: D.C. 7 45 A.M., next day. The group has entered the city and are protesting outside the white house. The Million Confederate March?
AS: Vice Persident, I think we'd better give them what they want. It's just the Southern states; who really needs them?
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA: [the camera zooms out for a view of the city, then the planet, then the Milky Way, then the binary-star system of Marklar, the Marklar themselves, then another planet, then the Visitors are seen...] -AAAH!!!


JIMMY: Duh n, don't worry fellas. Everything's gonna be okay.
JIMMY: What- what am I supposed to s say?
ANCHOR: Shock and disbelief tonight as the German engineered Funnybot delivered his opening lines at the Hollywood Forum, then opened fire on the audience of eleven hundred, killing nearly all of them. Spectators say the violent attack was unmotivated, irrational, and also, pretty Goddamned funny, solidifying the opinion once agan that Funnybot may be the greatest comedian of all time.
JIMMY: Wuh w what?!
FUNNYBOT: That is my purpose to be ultimate comedian.
JIMMY: It's a- v validation of all your efforts. An acknowledgement of all you do in the pursuit of humor.
JIMMY: Don't worry fellas. I learned my lesson. I promise there's not gonna be any comedy awards next year!


I'LL: tell you why it has to be you Kenny because your family is poor, and therefore has bad oral hygiene, so your teeth are gonna fall out someday, anyway. If you think about it, you should actually be thanking us. [tugs on Kenny's hood] "Oh, thank you, guys." You're welcome, Kenny.
YYEP.: Oo one of mine came out not two hours ago.
HA-A: ugh.
HU: aah!
OH.: Eh hello, Dr. Roberts? It's Ms. Cartman.
O: oh, thank you. Freebie next week. [hangs up]
TIH: [the tooth he placed under his pillow is still there] Tooth? [picks it up and looks at it in disbelief] What the hell? Mom!
YI: you're serious here. There really is no tooth fairy?
HOW: could ? How could you lie to me, Mother? Lie right to my face?
WE: can take the bus to the city. There's super rich people down there!
WHAT: the ? [the camera peels back to show another group of kids on the other side of the bush]
LET: me ask you something You were gonna sneak a tooth under this rich kid's pillow? Then what?
BEAT: up boy
TELL: you what how would you like to run the South Park tooth racket for me?
OH.: I don't know.
FELLOW: dentists As you all know, we are still having numerous reports of missing teeth from all over the country. There are also reports of missing tooth fairy money. We believe that there can be only one logical reason for all of this. [presses a button to reveal a projection] A giant half-chicken/half-squirrel [shown sitting on a tree stump] that steals either teeth or money from children as they sleep in order to build some kind of giant nest [the chicken-squirrel feeds its young] for its genetically superior and potentially dangerous offspring! We believe also that this creature would have at least a mild understanding of algebra [the chicken-squirrel tries to solve a basic problem], and that it-
I: think what we've got here is some kind of black market tooth racket. Something where one group is stealing the money and teeth from another group for a profit. [the rest of the doctors, including the ADA head, laugh at him]
UHYUB: dub very well, Mr. Foley, you go on your wild goosechase and meanwhile, we'll deal with the real problems at hand. [points at the chicken-squirrel]
WE: all want double desserts today!
U: uh, Chef.
I: told the ADA a thousand times I know nothing about teeth. I'm just an 8-year-old boy who likes climbing trees and playing in puddles.
OKAY: y, Mom. [turns and hops on the bed. Outside, a periscope rises from the van roof and looks around]
WEH: well, uh, du-don't take it too hard, dude, uh. That's what grown-ups do. They lie. Lie right to your face.


I: was just [looks stung, then flashes an angry look at Kyle] I was just watching the TV! They had this commercial.
BU: but I got these tickets to see Lion King on stage.
MAYBE: you didn't hear me Kyle I said "shit" on television!
SHITTY: Shitty F-g F g, how do you do?
SHITTY: Shitty F-g F g, how do you do?
SHITTY: Shitty F-g F g, how do you do?
I: called you a f g. Because I'm gay, and that means I'm free to use the word "f-g". So piss off, you f-g-shitter! [laughs and walks away]
SHITTY: Shitty F-g F g, ba doop a doop doo [walks past Stan and Cartman. Cartman is sucking on a Popsicle]
I: am not full of meecro what? Look, the word "shit" first showed up in English in the 1340s, the same time as something called, "The Black Death".
SIR: I'd just like to take this opportunity And, I'm sure I speak for all of us when I say, you are the most creative genius in Hollywood, and... well... I'd let you have me if you wanted.
BUT: I think back in those days it meant something else the plague!
HOW: could you foolish Americans bring the wrath of scorn by mass chanting the word of wretchedness?!
LOOK: at this The writing here claims this stone can defeat the evil Geldon [the page he reads from show a dragon], who will rise when the word of curse has been said enough times to give him power. Then all the world will be destroyed.
ON: the set of the Drew Carey show. The terror continues the knights fight the geldon valiantly.
WE'RE: all saying the S word too much! [Ike hops in]
HOLY: shi [quickly taps his mouth with his hands and releases] poop.


BUTTERS: An all new sushi restaurant just opened in town. Try their lunch specials.
BUTTERS: It's a coupon for a brand new Asian restaurant that just opened up in town.
TUONG: Lu Kim Where is this Japanese uh toiret bowl?! How far from my Shitty Wok?!
BUTTERS: Wuh you mean the sha sushi restaurant? Ih-it's right over there.
STEPHEN: You're back. You're back he's back! [Stephen hugs Butters tight and cries.] I love you, son!
DR.: Janus Oh hello Butters. I wasn't expecting you till 5 30.
TUONG: Lu Kim Herro o.


BUTTERS: I don't know. I it's like a girl thing. They won't let anybody see the list but them. [turns around and looks at them. The other boys look as well. Nearby, the girls chat among themselves, notice the boys, then laugh. Bebe holds up a notebook]
CARTMAN: Kenny face it Girls don't wanna eat Pop Tarts for dinner every night when they get married.
CARTMAN: [blows a strong raspberry back and flips her off] Fuck you, Bebe! Fuck it, bitch!
CLYDE'S: house. He's looking at himself in a full length mirror in nothing but briefs.
BIG: Eared Boy I hate coming to this school. It makes me angry.
BIG: Eared Boy Sometimes I just want to burn it down. Burn the whole school down to the ground!
TRUE: Value Hardware and Home Improvement, day. Someone is purchasing a lot of kerosene, propane, and lighter fluid.
JERRY: Do you like to put this on your True Value card today?
KYLE: I'm sure. Abe Lincoln was right I don't wanna find out I'm good-looking and become a total shithead when I grow up.


"...ARTICLE: 36 Section 19 One panda may not make sexual comments about another panda's appearance. If said panda does make..."
I: called you an ass sucker!
LAST: I'd like to bring up my expert witness Sexual Harassment Panda.
PAN: Panda's mouth.
BROFLOVSKI: residence. It is literally bigger now 50% taller, wider, deeper... Same with the garage, itself bigger than the house to it's right. The icicles are also bigger. Furniture movers come by with new furnishings for the new, big house. Two delivery men take a big-screen TV into the house
UH...: S Sexual Harassment Panda.
THAT'S: thirty-two more lawsuits in the past twenty four hours.
SPECIAL: Report Sexual Harassment
SO: I'll drive this ol' 18 wheeler down the highway...
SK: heeter, I don't want no trouble nu-how.
NU: how, Skeeter. She ain't hurtin' nobody.
YOU'RE-YOU'RE: a worm. That's that's cool, that's cool.
LISTEN: to me when you sue somebody, it hurts everyone. You sue for money, but where do you think that money comes from? From the schools, from taxes, from the state. From you. [The courtroom is silent, listening] There's no such thing as free money. When you sue somebody, you take money away from parks and schools and charities, and put it in your own pocket. And that makes me a sa-a-a-a-ad panda. [reactions are seen in the faces of various people in the courtroom, even in Gerald's face.]


NURSE: 2 Twelve thirty, Eric. Lunch time. [the officers are amazed at how timely the nurse came with the lunch]
I'M: a psychic and you are worse. I have super awesome powers and you don't.
YATES: While the ice cream store owner was in jail, another murder was committed.
JIM: Brown-ish The copycat killer of the cut-off-the-left hand killer has been arrested. Police used the help of Eric Cartman, a wunderkind psychic detective. At the crime scene, the young psychic had visions flash before his mind, and the police immediately arrested the owner of Kentucky Fried Chicken. The young man's visions were so astounding that other police departments have sought out his help.
LIANE: O-o-o-o oh! [prostrates herself]
FEMALE: psychic We brought a class action lawsuit against you! We'll see you before the judge tomorrow! [the psychics turn and walk out]
JIM: Brown ish Multiple arrests were made today for the murder of Hillary Neals. Police raided the South Park Motel 6 at 4 a.m., where seven psychic detectives were staying. [footage of the arrests is shown. Two of them are beaten, a third is slammed against a squad car until the side of her head begins to bleed, and a fourth holds police at bay. He tries to fight them with his powers, but they simply open fire and kill him where he stands] The psychic detectives' horrible crime was found out by psychic detective Eric Cartman, [shown in dramatic pose with psychic waves emanating from his forehead] who is now the only psychic not behind bars. What an amazing coincidence.


O: kay, and how much is that in pubes?
NO: no such thing?
JUST...: get down on your knees and beg me for the money.
WHAT: What are you doing?? [the bills light up and burn from one end to the other. Scott lets the burning bills float away] No!... Wh-why?
STEP: 1 Find someone's weakness. Step 2: Exploit that weakness.
WE: just wanna warn Eric Cartman, the fourth grader, is going' to try and trick you somehow into getting your wiener bitten off by a pony who lives at Denkins' ranch.
THIS: is a chili cook off, ain't it?
JUST: a second don't you- wanna taste my chili first?


M: hi, Ned.
ARRGH-HA-HA: ha! Now, isn't that great?
WE: have a terrific show for you today we're gonna kill some elk, and we're gonna kill some mountain goats. Now, the new law passed by Colorado legislature, which Ned and I call "P**** Law #4", states that we can no longer kill animals in defense.
MMM: we're environmentalists.
ME: ee!
M: whoa, I'm scared.
MM: good night.
NN: nothing. Nothing really at all.
F: minus? Can he do that?
BU: but we're not making it up, it was--
YES: now we're about to roll the film but remember if you look the Mexican staring frog in the eyes, you could go catatonic. We don't know if this applies to pictures of the frog or not, but who wants to take chances? So when we roll this film, be sure to look away.
W: well, let's see if the audience has any questions.
HER: no good husband! She's got to lose that zero and get herself a hero!
BUT: -
RED: haired woman
RED: haired woman
UUH: I think we've somewhat missed the point here. Let's go to somebody else.
WHA: what are you talking about?
MICHAEL: Jackson. All this baad mouthin' and puttin' the man down. Maybe he did touch some children now and then, but come on! It's Michael Jackson! Michael Jackson!
EE: goddammit!
GOOD.: A and action!
EEE-EE-EE: ee!
MMMM: damn that frog.
JESUS: and Pals Too Hot for TV!
MMM: Da Nang.
WE'LL: start with a two shot of you and Ned getting your equipment together and--
MM: Jimbo, look!
DUMB: ass! You've got to keep your eyes away from him!
MM: roger that.
NED.: Ne ed?
CLOSE: up. Ned's hair stands on end.
JESUS: and Pals after a commercial break. Today's topic Tots in Trouble.
O: okay, okay, that's enough.
W: we only did it because Jimbo lied to us first. We had this report on the Vietnam War for school, and we interviewed Jimbo about it and he made up all this stuff about Vietnam, and he got us in trouble.
W: wait, everybody. Come back.
W: we're sorry, too, Uncle Jimbo. We're sorry for making you look stupid in front of the whole world.


RANDY: We , I-I'm just saying that you are employed currently as a person who... packages...
KYLE: A U Haul. What if we bring Muhammad to South Park in the back of a U-Haul, and he just stays in there out of sight?
JOSEPH: Smith But he's talking from the U Haul?
MOSES: Um... would there be windows on the U Haul?
CARTMAN: You're a no-good swindler and a too good thief. We were here for money, not goo!
CARTMAN: Aw- Jee . They don't even make enchiritos anymore!
ZOOMS: around Mecha Streisand, showing her from every angle
MECHA: Streisand opens up her eyes, the Diamond on her forehead lights up, and her claws and arm saw are flexed. The gates open and she steps out to meet the celebrities. The song Barbra, Barbra is played. She kneels down and lets out a screech.


HEHEH.: heh, that thing's funny.
MM: it's amazing.
PLEASE: help me. Whoa-oh-oh oh. [falls on his face and gets up] Please help me find Junjun. She has been gone since last night, and I'm worried sick.
MMM: aw, what a bloody pickle this is! Did you keep the receipt, then?
TO: the 40 yard line!
DOE: wooop!
MAYBE: their baby will be still born, like Cartman was. [he and Stan laugh]
DOE: woooop!
WELL.: Ap parently, they breed in litters.
HUH-OWHOA-O: woop! [pumps out a second set of jakovasaurs]
HO: okay, children, we have some new students joining us today. Let's all be warm and welcome them to our class. [the class is full of jakovasaur children]
BO: woop!
O: kay, so, we're just gonna stick to our normal lesson plan and start the day with history. [starts writing on the board] Now, does anyone know why Chubby Checker left the Beatles in 1972? [a jakovasaur kid in the front row raises his hand and waves it] Yes?
BO: woop!
O: kay, is there anyone who can answer the question?
O-WOWO: oop! O-woo-oop!
G'OOH-WOO: ooop!
O: kay. I like South Park best of all. We're staying!
WE'RE: getting the hell out of here and away from those damned things.
BYE: bye, now. [closes the door, and the van speeds away. Stan and Kyle just look at each other.]
BOOO: wooop?
SOR: ry!
WILL: somebody please unplug the damned buzzers?! [the buzzers stop]
NOW: can we get on with this First question What color is blue? [drumroll]
OKIE: dokie.
GOOD: bye!


ISLA: B-L-U E. All right pick another color
HEIDI: G-R-E-E N.
STAN: Yeah there's just one problem a boy can't go to a chicks' slumber party.
BUTTERS: You think I'm ugly ehehee...
STAN: Ho Hold on on guys. We're not sure what this device is capable of. Maybe we should wait until we've had more time to study it.
BUTTERS: Can I just have some Spaghetti O's?


CARTMAN: of the United States of America. OUR United States, not the one Wendy Testaburger would have, a socialist dunghole -
KINDERGARTNERS: a socialist dunghole...
CARTMAN: I don't know if we're turning into a Smurf hating school or what we're turning into, but unless you ask why [writes Y on the board], we're gonna transform into something.
WENDY: Try to understand this all I do is try to help run student council. I don't give a crap about Smurfs!
CASEY: It is time for that slutty Smurf killing bitch to get what's comin' to 'er.
CARTMAN: Theh They can't do that! I'm student body president!


UUH: huh?
MINE: neither. But I double checked, and Cartman was right. Your period is the start of puberty.
WHOA: won toooo reeee.
OH.: Ah-ah. Ah-uh-m m.
ALRIGHT: now I'm alright, I'm-I'm cool, it's okay.
HULLO-O: o.
NN: nobody! I mean, uh, well, m-my dad.
WHO-O: oa, du-ude. I've got boobs.
BUH: Don't worry. You'll get it someday. Come on, Kyle. Let's go see what kind of tampons they have here in Las Vegas. [he and Kyle walk off]
O-O: oh. [the band riffs a bit] O-oh. [the band plays on. Jesus keeps time] O-o-o-oh. Be-eh-o-o-or. [Stan walks around and then sits on a curb, truly depressed. Rod continues to sing unintelligibly]


CHICKENPO-: ? Oh no, I must have caught it from Kenny last night.
YES.: See this X ray? [Turns it on.] That's your ass. See this line? [Points to it.] That's your ass collapsing. Your ass is collapsing.
WHEN: you're unemployed, weekends are meaningless.
RIGHT.: Right right.
WE'RE: going down to uhh Happy Burger for some milkshakes.
NO-NO-NO: no. Come on, fatass, we're gonna get 'em all back.
WH: where's Stan?
I'M: I'm sure he couldn't have gone far.
O: kay!
D: hude, this is gonna be so killer. They're all gonna get herpes!
WHAT-WHAT: whaaat?! You did this?!


ANNOUNCER: On this episode of Ghost Hunters a little boy in Colorado appears to be haunted by celebrities. [a shot of Ike floating across the screen, with various backdrops behind him] Now the Ghost Hunter team will roll out and get to the bottom of it. It's the gayest show in the fucking world; Ghost Hunters!
STAN: Alright let's see demonic ghosts, animal ghosts...
STAN: Here here here it is possession by a ghost. A ghost that enters and then refuses to leave a living host has done so because it failed in the living world to be what it wanted to be. The ghost must be allowed to transform and be recognized by the living as what it always tried to be.
LADY: Judge How did ... Look, it doesn't matter. [turns her back to him] I'm just gonna have to give it up.


CARTMAN: Hey gay butts, what's goin' on?
BUTTERS: U Ah, gee-whiz, Trent. Ah, I don't wanna get involved. Or else my parents will ground me.
BUTTERS: Tru... Tr Trent Boyett! Haaaa! [grabs the door handle and tries to go inside again, only to find it locked. He pounds on the door] Dad! Mom! I'm don- I'm done playin' now! [Trent marches across the street and approaches Butters.] Aaaaah! Let me in, Dad! [Butters pounds on the door again] Mom, Dad, you gotta open the door! [Inside, on the sofa, Chris reads the newspaper, Linda reads a book]
TRENT: I'm gonna give you something you didn't give me a 5-second head-start.
CARTMAN: Draw the You guys draw the nipples like on the bottom of my ass cheeks.
STAN: We're dead. Trent knows we sent the 6th graders after him.
MAN: 6 Just tell us this do you trust that we want what's best for you, yes or no? [no reply]
CARTMAN: oh.


LET'S: see Jesus got crucified, then he died, then three days later he had his urection. Let's see, there's fourteen Stations of the Cross. Now, it says we can makes costumes out of sheets.
STATION: One Jesus is condemned to death by Pilate.
STATION: Two Jesus takes his cross.
GIRLFRIEND: - > DEAD
BOYFRIEND: - > DEAD
STATION: Eleven Jesus is nailed to the cross. [Kyle has tied Cartman to it]
LOOK: fatass after you die and get resurrurected, you'll have all kinds of superpowers, just like Jesus.
AND: Alphonse Mephesto for his seven assed Galapagos turtle.
AND: the Nobel Prize goes to [opens the envelope] Randy Marsh, for the theory of spontaneous fart things. [the audience applauds wildly]
I: I don't know what to say.
HELLO: o.


ME: friend. Friieend. Me friend. Ma-phes-to. Mah-phehs to.
NUH: uh!
B: L O O O spells "blue" and that means that you will go to the lab and help out Mephesto and then we can all go home and watch Murphy Brown. [The boys look confused]
CLICK.: The Aussie hunter is on TV. A grizzly bear is man handling him.
WHAT: kind of stupid ass name is Steve?!
I'LL: kick your ass so bad you'll wish you never had it to begin with! Your ass, I mean. [turns his head aside] Wait. [walks off in the opposite direction]
WE: need a one way ticket to Des Moines, please.
O: okay.
KYLE: and Stan butt heads and remain eye-to eye.
NO: Dude, Gorak is cool because it's original. And besides, you found him.


YOU'RE: damn right I have a problem! Terrance and Phillip is on and I don't have anywhere to sit! Now what the hell is this?!
HUH: I'm in for five!
UH-HERE.: you can scoop it up in my R. Kelly thermos. [Kenny takes it and opens it up, then bends to scoop the vomit up into the thermos]
HEH: I can't help it. I'd give anything. Any amount of money for some candy. [Rick and Susan pop into the campers' cabin.]
ESCAPE: aroo! Now campers, I know that camp is tough, but you have to believe that you can do it. And you have to know that until you drop the weight, you can't leave.
SO: let's just all put on our try hard helmets, and accept that the only way for us to get out of camp, is to LOSE THE WEIGHT!
NO: dude check this out It's a video this kid, he does all kinds of crazy stuff. [pops the video into the VCR and turns on the TV] Check it out! He jumped into a Porto-Potty at a construction site and stayed there for four days! [the screen shows Kenny standing in a pool of poo under the toilet and looking at the camera]
WHOA: ho ho! You heard him, folks! Kenny is going to give a sensual full-body massage to his own grandfather!
ALRIGHT: so we're back talkin' to three competing celebrities Tom Green, Johnny Knoxville from MTV's Jackass and Krazy Kenny.
KRAZY: Kenny is here to promote his Pay-Per View special this week, where he will crawl up into a bus driver's uterus and stay there for six hours.
WHO: what's a hummer??
GOOD: bye, Chad.
GOOD: bye, Alice.
GOOD: bye. Thank you.
YEAH.: They've kinda killed Kenny -'s look alike. You bastards!


THERE'S: a brand new shop in town that sells holistic medicines and all-natural foods. It's run by this fascinating woman named "Miss Information."
ALL: the horrible food we eat the sodas and meats are filled with toxins, and the only way for us to get better is to flush those toxins out of our system. Western medicine is so quick to cut and carve up, but all your son needs is a toxin-flushing diet of lemon juice and cayenne pepper.
ALL: natural cell phones! [Two stoners, who appear to be Richard 'Cheech' Marin and Tommy Chong, appear at the door with boxes of stuff]
GOOD: bye, Native Americans. The spirit of Maya is with you.
SWITCH: to live action. Daytime in a middle class American backyard. A dyed sandy-haired, middle-aged, white woman speaks with her sandy-haired daughter while seated on the patio lounge.
HIPPIES.: Hi-i ippies. They're everywhere. They wanna save the earth, but all they do is smoke pot and smell bad. He-elp! [Stan rises from the other side of the bed with the medical book, and Butters rises, too]
HU: uh?!
BOYS: I have an announcement to make I'm not gonna be your teacher anymore. I've become a best-selling author! And Kyle, I want you to have a signed copy as a get-well present. [hands the book to Kyle, who looks at it]


SHUT: up butt pirate, I'm trying to hear.
ASS: rammer.
THEY: are in a snowed in town.
AP-EE: tizer.
BECAUSE: eight year olds can't be parents!
B: huh, huh. Yeah, right.
KENNY: enters the "Grab-O Lux"
SHE: switches off the Grab-o lux with the remote control, and Kenny and the cans drop to the floor. He gets up and exits.
IT...LOOKS: like he got a... a-a can of string beans. Hehe.
WHAT: the ?!
HE: rubs up against them lovingly. He sees a large screen TV and a potted plant, and walks towards them. He then looks to his right and sees Sally Struthers feasting on some cake and two Ethiopians fanning her with palm fronds. She sees him and stops eating. Cartman is mad.
AS: horrible as they were theh they felt like a part of me. Perhaps I shouldn't be toying with God's creations, perhaps I should-
WE'RE: terribly sorry about the mix up little boy. We'll get you back home immediately.


CARTMAN: Only one thing can save our kingdom. You must bring me a piece of pecan pie with toffee ice cream and magic shell. Hurry now!
CARTMAN: And so the party journeyed onward the great Wizard, the skillful Ranger, and the covetous Jew.
GERALD: I it is the single most vile, twisted, dark piece of porn ever made. [Sheila gets angrier by the word]
RANDY: It it can't hurt 'em that much, can it?
JIMMY: That video could have been made by Sauron's evil f ...forces.
GERALD: Uh Tolkien this is very important do you know where the boys went with the naughty tape?
BUTTERS: The precious videotape. L let the Butters see it.
CARTMAN: I'm a high ranking white wizard, Craig, and I say sixth graders are opposed to water!
JIMMY: N-n no, you retards! The video s...tore!
KYLE: Middle earth is again safe.
STAN: oh.
RANDY: A alright, now, now listen, kids. There's some things we need to put into context for you. You see, a man puts his penis into a woman's vagina for both love and pleasure. But sometimes the woman lays on top of the man facing the other way so that they can put each other's genitals in their mouths. [the boys are stunned] Uh, this is called "69ing" and it's normal.


OKAY: dude it's 3 30. [Cartman changes the channel]
BUT: I warn You'd better not promise things to Earth Day people that you can't deliver. Earth Day people can be... eheheh very unforgiving.
PHIL: lip!
PHIL: lip! Phil-lip! Phil-lip! Phil-lip!
PHILLIP: Stand in
PHILLIP: Stand in
HO: okay, shoot. [bends down to receive the fart. Terrance bends over and farts on "Phillip's" face. They both laugh]
PHILLIP: Stand in
PHILLIP: Stand in
PHILLIP: Stand in
PHILLIP: Stand in
PHILLIP: Stand in
PHILLIP: Stand in
PHILLIP: Stand in
PHILLIP: Stand in
PHILLIP: Stand in
"SOUTH: Park Home of Earth Day Celebration 2001," day. Booths are being set up for the festival. The heads of the Earth Day Brainwashing Festival make their rounds
O: villany Ho let the door be lock'd Treachery! Seek it out.
IT: is here Hamlet Hamlet, thou art slain; No medicine in the world can do thee good; In thee there is not half an hour of life; The treacherous instrument is in thy hand, unbated and envenom'd: the foul practice hath turn'd itself on me lo, here I lie,Never to rise again: thy mother's poison'd: I can no more: the king, the king's to blame.
NEVER: believe it I am more an antique Roman than a Dane: Here's yet some liquor left, buddih.
NOW: cracks a noble heart. Good night sweet prince And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest, buddih!...
UHHH: woo wow! Isn't this great? You guys seeing each other again?
SOUTH: Park later. Media has come in to cover the event "Terrance & Phillip Earth Day Brainwashing Festival"
EH: it's "Terrance and Phillip Behind the Blow." I taped it last month.
THAT'S: what I was gonna say You were an asshole, and this is mostly your fault. [awkward pause] But, you were always the more artistically driven of us; I ssshould've put more into it than I did. [now dejected]


CARTMAN: hohhh, you got pwned, Bebe, you Jap bitch!
BUTTERS: A organized pantry.
PETE: More preppy straight A students turning into vampires. What the hell is going on?
BUTTERS: Well I'm sick of bein'- bein' pushed around. M by my dad, by kids at school.
PRINCIPAL_VICTORIA: but just make sure that this new little trend doesn't become a distraction. [the door opens behind the Goths]
PETE: Let's just face it they bogarted our style! Everyone's gonna think we're trying to be butthole vampires now. We might as well go to the freakin' Gap and just buy normal clothes. [they all look at each other thoughtfully]
WHILE: the song is playing the following happens Michael is the first to torch some clothes. Henrietta follows with the belts and scarves. Pete begins to torch the jewelry


MR.: Garrison Right [stops in his tracks at the door's entrance, his smile turns to wonder. He turns around] Wha- ...what was that?
MR.: Garrison Yeh you don't say. [strokes his chin] Well thanks, uh, Principal Victoria. [walks out and closes the door] Holy Moly! I've gotta find a way to get fired for being gay!
STAN: N no?
MR.: Garrison damnit!
MR.: Garrison [stops and thinks] Hey, that's right, Mr. Slave. [paces a bit] The parents have to see for themselves. [snaps his fingers] The awards ceremony! Well we'll put on a show they'll never forget!
MR.: Slave I've got a little Oof. [grabs his stomach] Ohoc, Jesus Christ. What's happening in there?
MAN: 6 But the mu-se-um tells us to be to-le rant.
LEMMI-: Lemmi- Lemmiwinks. Le Lemmiwiiinks.
LEH: miwinks, Gerbil King.]


SOUTH: Park Elementary. The school bell rings. Most of the third grade boys are in a shop room.
NOW: let me make one thing crystal clear I don't like kids that screw around! You screw around in shop class, you can lose a hand or an eye. I have a- [picks up a picture of a woman and begins to get lost looking at it] I have... uh, I have a...
RI: chard! [he whistles] Ri-chard! [he remembers mumbling something in return, and pulls out her picture. He dreams: she is back on the swing] Swing me Richard, swing me higher![now in a gazebo] Richard, I'm here! [waves him over. Cut to her opening a little box] Oh, Richard, it's beautiful. Yes. Yes. [Now at a phone by a desk] But you have to come see me fly tomorrow, Richard. I have a surprise for you. [next day, next to a plane] Don't worry, Richard. I'll pilot! [in the cockpit, she calls out] It's all for you! [an alarm sounds, and the gas tank explodes behind her] Aaaaaaa! [she tries to land the plane right, but it falls into a swimming pool. She's thrown clear, into the water] Richard!
I: don't think that's very fair if I teach Craig, he's gonna really kill Tweek.
REMEMBER: Tweek punch hard, punch low.
NOW: LISTEN to me Hurlong kashurshar All right And seriously Hurlong kepur shung kwong!
TWEEK: lands some punches and Craig tries to throw Tweek off sumo style. They go back and forth this way for a while
TO: whom it may concern I can no longer live without her. I couldn't say goodbye to her, and so now I must say goodbye to all of you, for I am all out of nicotine gum.Sincerely yours,
GOOD: bye, cruel world. [sits up] Jesus Christ! What was I thinking?! That would have hurt like hell! [lie back down, now head first]
YE: hah!
TO: Stan ] We'll just have to keep throwing jabs to win the fight.
BUT: I can't. I never got a chance to say good bye.
GOOD: bye?
OF: course you don't. Saying good bye doesn't mean anything. It's the time that we spent together that really matters, not how we loved it.


MR.: Mackey Huh... e excuse me a minute, Stan. m'kay? [stands up, goes to his desk, picks up his phone and starts dialing] Uh, hi, Ms. Bronski? Did we vaccinate Stan for the flu last year? We did? Uh oh... I think he's got Asperger's.
CARTMAN: I I'll try. I'll try. [lays on his stomach. The nurse sees something under his pants and pulls them back.]
MORPHEUS: Try and focus Stan we've found them! We know where the rock creatures are now.
CARTMAN: The Zookeeper 2 Zookeepier! [they walk back out and away.]


ANNOUNCER: This is closed circuit television for South Park Elementary School. And now, Super School News. The news made for students, by students.
JIMMY: Welcome to S super School News. I'm Jimmy Valmer.
CARTMAN: Parent teacher conferences will be held this Wednesday night, from 7:00 to 9:00. So kids, get a lot of playing in before you get grounded. And now, for a look at what's on the menu for school lunch today, here's Stan Marsh.
BUTTERS: Nu noo, not yet. I've been standin' out in front of the school for about ...two hours now and ah, and I haven't seen any celebrities. Uh, about thirty minutes ago I thought I saw Sigourney Weaver, but ih-ih-turn- it turns out it was a dead horse.
JIMMY: More snow for South P... P-P Park. Here's Tolkien Black with the weather.
STUDENT: Conference Room 1 F, later. Inside, A sign above the chalkboard reads "Idea Room." Cartman has his feet up on the table. Stan paces the floor.
ANNOUNCER: This is South Park Elementary School closed circuit television. And now, [dramatic fanfare] Time with the Sexy Action School News! [a splashy logo appears with a small explosion behind the logo, then a female silhouette walking across the screen behind the words]
TOLKIEN: oh, looks like it's Panda Bear Madness Minute! [circus music plays as panda-suited mascots and the other reporters join Tolkien in the weather area and dance. A pulsating logo appears]
STUDENT: Conference Room 1 F.
KYLE: We beat Close up Animals!
STAN: Hey wha-b but we gave it our best.
STUDENT: Conference Room 1 F. The kid reporters sit around trying to think of something, anything, but all there is is silence.
KYLE: What if we do a show where we [stops] Uh, no.
KYLE: Uhhh. What if the ?
BUTTERS: Yeah I read 'em all the time Uh here's one the uh, snail tripped over a hurdle, and the other snail says "Well that's gonna add another hour to his time." [laughs] Yeah! You guys! [gets no reaction from the other boys] Heh.
JIMMY: B-b bingo!
JIMMY: Wha what do you think, fellas?
STUDENT: Conference Room 1 F. Butters and Jimmy sit at a sofa. Jimmy has set his crutches aside and is now drinking the cough syrup.
STAN: then sees time lapse footage of a ride through a city, then blooming flowers, then time-lapse footage of the reporters walking around the valley, then some weird graphics, then Cartman in degraded colors. Cartman and Kyle speak to him in weird altered voices.
STUDENT: Conference Room 1 F, later on. Tolkien and Jimmy are in armchairs, Stan stayed on the floor, Kyle, Butters, and Cartman are on the sofa. Butters is in his underwear. All of them are groggy.
STUDENT: Conference Room 1 F, next morning. The boys are now asleep. Butters is still in his underwear with his head on Kyle's lap. Stan, sleeping on the floor, wakes up and looks around.
CARTMAN: I I did. I wrote something down. [reaches down and gets his tablet] Here it is! Uh, squiggly line, circle. [shows the drawing to the other boys]
ANNOUNCER: This is closed circuit television for South Park Elementary School. And now, [sudden change of tone and flashy graphics follow] a Sexy Action News Team Special Report: Cough Medicine Abuse in School! [the boys are shown in their news reporter attire and they strike serious poses. Cartman takes off his glasses.] With the Sexy Action School News Team! [a shot of a coffin being lowered into its plot] It's the report you can't afford to miss! [a skull and crossbones appear and a scream is heard. The picture itself takes on a blue hue] And now here is Rick Cartman!
JIMMY: P Principal Victoria, can you explain how your administration fai-failed to see this p-p-pro-o-o... p-p-problem.
KYLE: Twenty two people?! All right!
JIMMY: I wonder... oo-oo.. w why?
MR.: Meryl You boys are approved for twenty seven new shows. I want you to come up with an even better idea than the cough medicine story. Get to it!
STUDENT: Conference Room 1 F, later on. The boys are seated at the table once again, sitting in silence.


GROUP: Twenty one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty.
CARTMAN: Nooooooooo ! [his head explodes]
NURSE: Fran your birth year. and we'll get you through the next twenty-four hours. [hands him an application]
BILLY: Two buckets plus a three piece meal and four sides.
BILLY: How can I expand when thirty six percent of our product is going to you?! Get out there and sell the chicken or get lost! You've forgotten who the boss of this operation is, Eric!


JIMMY: S-s six!
JIMMY: S-s-s ssseven!
JIMMY: S-s seven!
JIMMY: Oh he hey, N-Nathan.
JIMMY: S-s-ss-s-s steroids? [Nathan signals him to be quite as another handicapped athlete walks by] ...But aren't those illegal?
CARTMAN: goes to a clothing store looking for ill fitting clothes. He then cobbles a custom shoe for himself. He goes home and tries it out. He goes to a CGI studio and puts on a motion suit so he can make a 3D model of himself on a computer. He takes the 3D model home and modifies it on his own computer: "Handicapped Walk Analysis." He then goes into the bathroom and cuts off clumps of his hair to look as if he were retarded. He goes to the living room and looks at a Kid Rock video for more inspiration and takes notes. He puts on a bicycle helmet and pulls his hair out through the holes. He assembles the various parts of his handicapped outfit and puts it on. He squishes his face upwards for the finishing touch and ties the helmet straps together well below his chin.
JIMMY: N no, Dad.
LIANE: Oh... N no, sweetie. I believe those Olympics are just for... "special" children.
COACH: 2 Wuh wow, Jimmy, I can't believe how much you've improved! You're bigger and stronger than I've ever seen you!
VOLUNTEER: Yup. Just take the sign up sheet down to the next table and we'll get it all finalized.
VOLUNTEER: O kay, and what's his disability?
VOLUNTEER: ...N no, I'm asking what his specific condition is. Down's Syndrome? Cerebral palsy?
MR.: Mackey Ji Jimmy?
JIMMY: They they're all just... jealous.
ANNOUNCER: Will those athletes in heat 1 of the hundred meter dash please report to Track Area B.
CARTMAN: damnit!
JIMMY: You f-f f faked being handicapped to win?! [grabs Cartman by the collar] I should kick your ass right here, you lousy no-good ch-ch-cheater!


ALRIGHT: children we just need to know one thing Do you know this person? [holds up a picture of Marvin]
HELLO: o. [Marvin looks, and the smile leaves his face. He hops back into the craft and takes off]
YEH: hah. [They hear noise outside, and soon Marvin's ship crashes through the front wall of the house.]
U: uh, cool. My name is Stan, and a-uh, I'm the leader of Earth.
"TO: PLEDGE CALL 1-800-555-2717"] You know, Susan, the uh-there are so many great missionaries doing work, out there in in in-in parts of Africa, and uh we're trying to get Bibles to people all over the world. And what we need, is the help of everyone out there so that we can continue these, these projects. Now, listen to this, Susan. [a picture of Hollis with two Ethiopians appears over his right shoulder] Wha-one of our missionaries in North Africa has made an amazing discovery. U-u-uh a new planet, in the in the galaxy Alpha Seti VI, that has intelligent life on it.
YEAH.: We're not sure what these hyper intelligent beings look like, but one thing is for sure: they've never heard of Jesus Christ.
BUH: eh, ugh. I had some bad burritos today.
WAH: ey. Come on you guys, wait!
THIS: is the Missionary 600. We have you locked on "fire ready." Turn back right now. [another shot is fired, and the Marklar ship is hit again.]
U-U: huh. I don't remember.
MS.: Struthers don't forget the gift we gave the child in carbonite. [points. The camera pans over to a panel which shows Kenny encased in carbonite]
BROUGHT: m marklar??


THAT'S: not true Mr. Garrison Kyle was working on his fingering with his mom all night long.
WHAT'S: Arkansas is that a state?
HM: interesting. Let's see how about this? [plays a Gb note. Kyle and Stan turn around on their seat]
WE'RE: trying to find the brown noise it's this one pitch, this certain frequency that makes people lose bowel control.
NUH: uh!
AAAAAAH: apparently he's seen a sign that reads "Arkansas 410 miles. Rest Stop 5 miles"] Huhh, ohh, [the students and Mr. Mackey look back.]
M'KAY: Mr. Garrison, you're just having a hard time dealing with the memories of your father's sexual abuse, so you switch personalities to Mr. Hat, m'kay?
M'KAY: I think the best thing for Mr. Garrison to do is to go see his father.
WHY: would he want to talk to a second-rate dopey-ass elementary school psychologist?!
YUH: NO! [panting, dirty and black-eyed, gets up and places Mr. Hat between Mr. Garrison's arms] You may have won this time, Mr. Hat.
AH: I didn't! You knew I didn't!
AND-A: one gop seven to sand ... [the children begin to play, and she covers her ears in agony] O-o-o-o. Stop! Stop ... beh goos sa buh got pee you got dere. That was-a terrify! That was-a horri-bee! What we gonna do?!
UH-I: wanna talk to you about your son I'm his n-therapist, m'kay.
HOLD: on a second are you actually suggesting that I have sex with my 41-year-old son?!
NONO: I got a better one Would you have sex with your mother... to save your father's life?
MM: hm.
M-M: m. [Kenny G releases and walks away] Oh, well, thank you! [steps towards the bus, then stops] You know, it's funny: you kiss just like my dad. [steps into the bus and faces the driver] Well, Ms. Crabtree, this certainly has been a great trip. Let's head home.


BUTTERS: wait. I thought... yoyou said we needed him because he has the "Mission Impossible Breaking and Entering Playset."
BUTTERS: "Makes your calves stronger in just 2 days!"
RANCHER: Bob I followed a calf curling trail right to your house, ma'am.
STAN: Don't be so sure. Because I'm gonna tell this is gonna get ugly. Real ugly. When all is said and done you could all be looking at being grounded for 3, perhaps even 4 weeks. So, if any of you guys want out, just say the word now.
BUTTERS: Hey y-yeah. W-w we can't let those little baby cows down. Why, they've got no one else to turn to.
FIELD: reporter Tom it looks like I have an update Yes, it looks like the boy terrorist story is not interesting news to anyone. Uh, nothing else was going on, Tom, so this was the only story we had to make seem important, but people are just simply tuning out. So, HBC will now be switching programming once again to "Puppies from Around the World."
STAN: O ogh...
GLEN: Dumont Yes. All we need to do in return is get a cattle transporting semi-truck that will take the boys and the cattle to Denver International Airport, where we have a fully-gassed airplane waiting to take them all to Mexico.
STAN: Well I guess we learned something today it's wrong to eat veal because the animals are so horribly mistreated, but if you don't eat meat at all you break out in vaginas.


SO: uh... Uhwhat's a fragile little doe like yourself doin' out on a, on a night like this?
MM-...: mm it's a ways.
I: don't wanna die on this bus with you assholes! [Panics.] You guys suck!
STAN'S: Tale from Cartman Gets An Anal Probe, but with a twist. The boys and Wendy, are in the forest waiting for the visitors, using Cartman, who is tied to a tree by his foot, as bait.
WHO: WHAT THE HELL IS THIS CRAAP?!
BROKEN: down bus! That's great! Great angle!
NO: kid You heard what Ms. Crabtree said there's a big black scary monster out there!!!
NOOOOO: agh!
HU: old on, dear, let me check.
KYLE'S: Tale from Volcano, with a twist. Jimbo, Ned, and the boys are running from the flowing lava.
CARTMAN'S: Tale from Weight Gain 4000. Mr. Garrison is in the book depository waiting for Kathie Lee to pass by.
BURBANK: NBC Studios 11 35 p.m.
HONEY: du , do you need anything?
KENNY'S: Tale from Death. The boys are running down the street, Death pursues them, and Grandpa Marsh pursues Death.
LET'S: hear it for Ms. Crabtree. What an up-and comer!
AH: I'm sure. Let's get a cup of coffee.
HAPPY: Days' Tale Arnold's at night. Every kid of driving age shows up to see Fonzie jump the buses. Two of his many admiring girls get him ready for the jump, then walk away. The Fonz revs up the bike.
NOOOOO: agh!
THERE: are twelve adults present The Marshes, the Broflovskis, the McCormicks, Liane Cartman, Mr. Garrison, Kevin's mother, and three unidentified adults.
CARTMAN'S: Tale from Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty S***. All the men are gathered at Mephesto's room in Hell's Pass Hospital. The boys and Liane are also there.
AH: are you okay, hon?
GAAA: uh.


PETER: Nelson Forty-five minutes non stop.
WEBBER: Tricking bitches into hour long blowjobs is an art form. You have to leave it to the professionals!
BLOW---: job-- Queen!
WEBBER: How about instead of "Splooge Drenched Blowjob Queen" we call it... "The Woman In White"
SHARON: Ruhur Randy, it's fine. You do plenty with me. Did you have a good time?
SHARON: Nuh nn No, this is crazy! Musical theater people are respected. Refined. Cultured.


YEAH.: You're Eric?
HUH: uh, nothing! Nothing! [four agents appear and head for him]
NO: o!
O: ogh! [returns to the bed and sits]
YEH-HEHAH: hah.
PHOTO: Dojo, day. Members of NAMBLA surround the photographer as he takes pictures.
NOTE: people with heart conditions and expectant mothers should not ride the JOHN DENVER! Open now! Come on down!
SOUTH: Park Elementary 8 05 p.m., Cafeteria. The main doors are closed as the FBI shows up in force.
SOUTH: Park Elementary 8 05 p.m., Cafeteria. Inside, Mephesto holds court on the podium in front of a NAMBLA banner, but this NAMBLA is different...
MAYBE: the boys are in here. Oh bo oys? [the NAMBLA members enter 1C. Kenny's mom and Kenny exit 1C]
HUH: you mean to expect me to go out there and let all those... huhu-horny old men... have their way with my fragile person?? Well just what team is this anyway?!
WHAT: the ? No, wait, no, WAH, NO, WAAAAAH! [Butters steps out of 1D, listens in at the door to 1E, turns around and walks away.]
FIFTY: second.


GERALD: It's... other worldly.
RANDY: The guys agree Sharon it could be a record holder.
M.: C. He has won twenty two Grammy's, countless humanitarian awards, and is the only person ever to be nominated for an Academy Award, a Golden Globe, and the Nobel Peace Prize. Ladies and gentlemen, Bono! [fanfare goes up amid applause. Bono rises from his seat on stage and struts over to the mic. He grabs the award from the M.C., kisses his left index and middle fingers, and throws the kiss off to the audience]
MAN: Bo no! Woo-ooo!
GERALD: Think about it you weren't even trying to take the biggest crap last time. Imagine if you actually worked at it!
ANCHORMAN: But first the record for the world's biggest crap will it again be broken?
STAN: That's kind of what I'm here for Do you really need the biggest crap record? Could you maybe see your way to just... letting my dad have this one?


KYLE: Twenty five cents? Well that's not even worth it.
MAN: 4 Well what about us in the fast food business?! The restaurants are firing us 'cause the future people work for a lot less! They took our jobs!
RANDY: Hey Stanley you need to understand something Those people from the future have had a hard life! Where they come from is dirty and overpopulated and poor! You can't even imagine the kind of depression they come from! So, for us, who have everything sooo good, to judge them, is wrong! Do you understand?! Next time you think about calling them goobacks, you might just wanna stop for a second and think about how crappy the future really is!
STAN: Can you speak in present day English please?
CASHIER: A cheeg fry?
STAN: Aw awwww!
DARRYL: Weathers Think about it These people are from the future, right? Well, if we can git everyone to turn queer, then there won't be no children to have no children, and the people from the future won't exist to take our jobs!
MR.: Nelson Oh... R Randy... Uh, I'm surprised to see you here.


MANAGER: E-la tion. Really enunciate the L.
BRITNEY: Egeul gageol
WOMAN: Oh my God she's really gotten chubby. the song begins "It's Britney, bitch!" Britney is waiting for her cue as dancers swirl around her. She begins to warble, and it echoes. She walks and immediately a dancer keeps her from falling.]
SINGERS: The way she fee els. [Britney leans over, and another dancer stands her up again. She warbles some more] Love inside.
POST: Awards report
TRANSTRAK: station "Travel by Train." It's 2:24 in the afternoon when Stan pops up at the window


JIMMY: Ahb. A fireman and a p-p Polack are eating marshmallows when-
CARTMAN: Tolkien Tolkien got a question for [clears his throat] Tolkien, do you like fishsticks?
JIMMY: P patent?
KYLE: Let me guess you wrote the joke, and Cartman just laid on the couch eating Twizzlers.
JIMMY: W well, I-I mean he, he was in the room.
KANYE: No I'm not AAAARGH! [grabs the sides of the podium and shakes with anger]
KANYE: Why Look at me, look at me! [Mencia manages to look at him] I love fishsticks. I love putting fishsticks in my mouth. [waits a while for an answer]
MENCIA: You're a ...you're a gay fish, maaan. [Kanye backs up, swings at Mencia and decapitates him, leaving his head hanging from his body by some skin]
ELLEN: So guys I gotta ask how did you come up with this incredible joke?
CARTMAN: Alright so check it out We've got offers from Van de Kamp's and Gorton's Fisherman to do commercials.
DURING: the song the following happens Kanye begins to swim like a fish. He spots a yellow fish and lets it circle him a few times. He then hugs it and takes it to the surface. He then gives it a French kiss, then flips backwards into the water with it. He swims again, alone, when a large fish begins to follow him. He notices, swims to it, and begins to rub against it. Then he just swims with it, hugging its belly.


GERALD: Good bye, Ike. You... [wipes a tear from his eyes] be a good boy, huh? You... remember all the things we taught you. [kisses Ike on the head and steps back to console Sheila. Kyle steps forward.]
MAYOR_MCDANIELS: Then it's settled This year we'll give all our Christmas money to the Broflovskis, in hopes that they may someday have their child returned to them. [the crowd cheers and disperses]
CITY: Wok night. "Christmas Special Chinese Food For The Holidays" Mr. Kim sits at one of his tables with nothing to do.
KYLE: Fifty five daura.
MR.: Kim Sixty two daura.
CARTMAN: We have exactly fifty two hours before Christmas. [this sets it at 8 p.m. December 22] That means we have to be back in twenty-eight hours to still give our patents twenty-four hours to buy us presents. Synchronize watches on my mark. Mark.
CARTMAN: Of course I care about Christmas oh, Christ on a stick! [he and Kenny head for the plane]
SCOTT: This isn't over you American scum I swear to you'll rue this day!! [walks off]
HIP: hip, hooray, let's hear it for our Road.
DOCTOR_GOOD: bye, friends! Good luck with the new Prime Minister! And remember to watch out for Scott! He's a dick!
CANADIANS: Good bye, good-bye, see ya, good luck.
KYLE: damnit, we need to get to the new Prime Minister! NOW!


1: 25 a.m. Stan is under the covers looking at the spooky fish. After a long while, the fish turns around and starts writing something on the tank wall with his tail. Stan gets out of bed for a closer look. The fish finishes writing and turns to blow on the wall. A gray area appears and the word "KILL" appears within it.
NN: oh. [Cartman hops off and rejoins the boys] I got it from the pet store, Stanley.
SHUT: your damned mouth, fatass!
UH-HO: ho, man, that's hella funny! [slaps his thigh]
SO: you just built your store on top of an Indian burial ground?
AND: the winner is Squash-O-Lantern, by Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, and the evil Eric Cartman from the parallel universe! "The Winning Entry! Squash in cobweb, amid a tiny graveyard and flanked by four tiny bats"


THIS: episode begins with an expanded montage of last week's time lapse imagery. First you see the town, the mall, and a house. Next, Cartman and the Wii at EV Games. Next, scenes from his night of insomnia, including him checking his calendar and the Wii's Web page, then watching TV. Then, Eric is shown begging his friends to help him freeze himself. Then, a collage of Eric hiding in the freezer, talking to Butters, and walking to the designated spot with him. Then, scenes of the avalanche and Eric getting frozen. Then the years begin to roll, and scenes of humanity's future appear. They are: the scene of the avalanche, a scene of devastation, the room where Cartman is taken to be thawed, his meeting with the high UAL command, the UAL building being attacked, a shot of Earth from space, the UAA storming in to fight the UAL, the battle between the two factions, the UAA closing in on Cartman, the voyage away from the UAL building, across a desert; the onscreen communication with the AAA, a shot of Earth's future, a sea otter blowing into the nafferty, and the final shot of two ships leading the camera to the city the UAL is based at
K: 10 Bark bark. Hello, Eric. I have missed you.
UAA: Leader Fellow atheists the time child has returned with information on our sworn enemies, the Allied Atheist Alliance. They have started digging for clams in sector J7. If we mount an all-out attack, we can wipe out their food supply!
UAA: Leader ...That's why we have to be super duper sure that nobody finds out we're doing it.
K: 10 Why does it matter? Bark bark
K: 10 Bark bark. That call is for crank calling only. Using it in the way you describe is illegal.
K: 10 Working, bark bark. The Jarvanian shopping complex. But it is not open yet.
CARTMAN: I want one of those time phone things.
K: 10 Bark bark, I'm sorry, Eric, bark bark.
K: 10 Awww.
K: 10 Working, bark bark. Access.
K: 10 Working, bark bark.
OTTER: Leader Kill the table eaters! In the name of Almighty Science! [the otters ride on]
K: 10 Bark bark. Hello, Kyle. Bark bark.
KIT: 9 [K-10's new look] Eric, I really think you should stop calling the past. You could change the present.
KIT: 9 I guess not, meow meow.
KIT: 9 Meow meow. [the UAL ships swarm in and fire at all the buildings in UAA territory]
KIT: 9 Meow meow.
KIT: 9 What atheists should call themselves.
KIT: 9 But Eric, meow meow, you knew the wife of the smartest man in all of history.
KIT: 9 Your teacher, the one called Garrison.
MR.: Dawkins Sex change operation??
UAA: Leader W-we told we're sending you home. With the Crank and Wank Time Machine.
BLAVIUS: Of course there's war. The stupid French Chinese think they have a right to Hawaii.
KOK-A: 3 Goodbye, Eric. I will mess you. Squawk squawk
CARTMAN: Hoowww [his future self is beamed into his body and he checks himself] I'm back. Wow! I'm back!


YUH: ugh!
BYE: bye.
THEY: come out at 3 30 in the morning. Most people aren't up then, but I am. I can't sleep. Ever.
WUH: okay, but corporate takeovers is a much more fertile subject.
STILL: later 10:08p.m.. The boys are hyperactive.
10: 15 p.m. gives way to 3:26 a.m., which finds the boys sitting against the bed. Tweek is on it, and Cartman is passed out next to the toys, surrounded by pools of vomit. Kenny looks sleepy.
TWEEK: begins to hear some elfin music "Time to go to work,"
VOICE: over
VOICE: over
O: kay. Follow me. [goes for the door]
COLLECTING: underpants is just phase 1. Phase 1 collect underpants.
PHASE: 1 we collect underpants.
PHASE: 1 collect underpants. Phase 2: ... Phase 3: Profit.
SE: -


SHARON: Yes. Wall Mart is the leading employer of seniors. And they also employ the handicapped.
WALL: Mart, midnight. Randy enters dressed in pajamas and robe, only to find more shoppers in there. Wall-Mart never closes, and it's never empty. An elderly lady greets him.
ELDERLY: Woman Thanks for coming to Wall Mart. [waves] All are welcome. All are welcome! [Randy is stunned that he's not the only shopper there]
MR.: Farkle I can't compete with Wall Mart's low prices. Everyone is shopping there now, and... well, I can't make ends meet. [Cartman pulls out a violin from somewhere and begins playing it masterfully] I've got to sell the store and try to find another line of work.
CARTMAN: ... Whatever. I can go get another one at Wall Mart. It was only 5 bucks. [flips Kyle off, turns around, and walks away. Kyle watches him leave]
STAN: But your face!
WALL: Mart, later. Shopping continues as usual. In his office, the Manager nervously reaches into his desk drawer and pulls out a bottle of liquor. He takes two sips and quickly hides it when he hears a knock at his door.
KYLE: But you run the Wall Mart.
KYLE: You hate Wall Mart, too? [rumbles emanate from the walls]
WALL: Mart, night. The Marsh family arrives and sees what Randy saw before.
GERALD: Well where else was I gonna get a napkin dispenser at 9 30 at night?
OUTSIDE.: The boys walk away from Wall Mart and see a driver lifting I-beams into place with his crane.
KYLE: But nobody wants a Wall Mart here!
DRIVER: You're gonna have to talk to the higher ups.
CARTMAN: Nuh uh.
KYLE: You said we have no idea that you're never let us hurt Wall Mart!
KYLE: He is working for the Wall Mart to stop us from succeeding!
KYLE: Yeah. We've come to complain. We don't want a Wall Mart in our town.
HARVEY: Brown We... invented the Wall Mart Super Center in 1987. The idea was simple: build a store for one-stop shopping where bulk purchases could keep prices incredibly low. [defeated, buries his face in his left hand] We didn't know what we were doing. In just 4 years, it was out of control.
KYLE: The heart of Wall Mart?
HARVEY: Brown Every Wall Mart has a heart, somewhere near the television department. Destroy the heart and you could reverse the entire process!
HARVEY: Brown Because the Wall Mart stops you. Many have tried, kid. Union leaders, nature activists, even the best fair-trade lawyers tried to stop the Wall-Mart and now. They are Wall-Mart shoppers all.
MARVIN: Marsh Welcome to Wall Mart.
WALL: Mart Hello, boys. Congratulations on getting this far. [the boys approach him]
WALL-MART: I am... Wall Mart. [the boys look at each other]
WALL: Mart I've taken this form in order to talk to you. But I can take many forms. [dons a brimmed hat] Does this suit you better? Or perhaps you prefer this form? [takes off the hat and puts on a robe] I can take whichever form I like. [removes the robe and puts on a pirate hat and black patch over his left eye.]
WALL-MART: To find the heart of Wall Mart, one must first ask oneself, "Who is it that asked the question?" [the boys look at each other again]
WALL: Mart Ah, yes, but who are you?
WALL: Mart Ah. You know the answer, but not the question!
WALL-MART: Very well. You want to see the heart of Wall Mart? It lies beyond that plasma-screen television. [the boys look to their right and walk over. The open a small door marked "EMPLOYEES ONLY" and they open it. A rectangular mirror is behind it.]
WALL: Mart Yes, don't you see? That is the heart of Wall-Mart. You, the consumer. I take many forms: Wall-Mart, K-Mart, Target. But I am one single entity: Desire!
WALL: Mart Gaaah! No! No, what have you done?! [the building begins to rumble] Now you shall see my true form! [Removes his mustache and begins to march around with vigor and laughing harshly] Now you see me as I truly am!
KYLE: The Wall Mart is imploding! Everybody out NOW! [the shoppers and employees now bolt for the doors and run out as an M in Mart falls down.]
KYLE: All Wall-Marts start a self destruction sequence if you break a mirror in the back.


SHARON: I can't believe you said the N word on national television!
RANDY: I want to apologize deeply and sincerely for using the N word on Wheel of Fortune. And I want to assure you that I am not a racist, Reverend Jackson. [The camera shows Jesse Jackson behind a desk, with three officials around him]
RANDY: Y Yes, absolutely.
INSIDE: the club an African American is doing his routine
PASSENGER: He done said the N word in the O.J. case.
RANDY: You said the N word to a black man's face! That's way worse than what I did!
CARTMAN: gets Mr. Nelson ...in a half Nelson, then picks him up, carries him around 360 degrees, then throws him off. Mr. Nelson gets under Cartman to pick him up and throw him over his back, but ends up just tickling Cartman, and Cartman laughs.
RANDY: Oh sure. Some people just use the term in jest tell a nigger guy joke or two thinking it's no big deal - but they don't realize it can lead to people using the term as an excuse for violence.
MR.: Nelson Ung cle!


KYLE: Better than being a fat ass Texan!
MAN: It sure is. I I can barely see. [Butters turns around and the woman suddenly sees him]
MARCUS: The standard-issue border patrol weapon is the P 29 stun baton. [begins handing a baton to each volunteer] It carries a 4000 watt charge and is your best option for enforcin' border patrol law.
MARCUS: The baton is non lethal, but powerful e-
BORDER: officer 4 Let's face it they've just about all gotten back across. No matter how hard we tried, the Mexicans all got across the border.
COMMENTATOR: Un otro shoto de Mantequilla. Y Manteque ah. ¡Oh! ¡Una arma! Una arma del El Niño Gordo! ["Another shot of Mantequilla! And Mantequi-ah. Oh! A firearm! The fat kid's firearm!" Apparently Cartman was firing at Butters]


CARTMAN: You're a worthless two dollar criminal and you're lying!
DAWSON: One UPS vehicle valued at twenty five thousand dollars, one civilian vehicle worth sixteen thousand, the second floor of the post office AND a coffee shop valued at sixty thousand! The mayor's gonna have my ass!
DAWSON: One more slip up like that and I'll have your badges! You hear me?! Now hit the showers!
CARTMAN: Awwwwrrr auugh. [hangs up his coat and holster on the coat tree in the living room]
BUTTERS: Who-o-o-o a. Oowwww!


SHEILA: That's when I knew I had to tell everyone the truth that originally I'm from Jersey. [the adults present are Stephen and Linda Stotch, Randy and Sharon Marsh, Stuart McCormick, his wife, and Liane Cartman] Yes, born and raised, I wasn't even called Sheila back then. In Jersey I was known as S-Woww Tittybang. [a picture of her is shown] I drank heavily and punched a lot of bitches in the face. [a picture of one such incident is shown] Living in South Park, I'm able to control the Jersey side of me, which doesn't really come out unless I get around other people from Jersey. [turns away from the other adults] I'm just really hoping that people here don't judge me for it, or or, somehow, you know, hold it against me.
P: Train What's up, New Jersey? It's the evenin' news. Our top story tonight: many Jersey people are freakin' pissed after a small town in Colorado got all aggro on some decent Jersey folk! For more on this story we go to Chicago.
P: Train What's up with that?!
SCHWARZENEGGER: Ve are very sore y, but Cal-i-for-ni-a cannot afford helping you at this time.
CARTMAN: Nuh uh. Seriously, nuh-uh.


THAAAT'S: ri ight.
NAH: ah! I'm just a better debater than you guys!
YEAH.: How about Saturday at 11 30?
THAT'S: how you win these things attack your opponents' credibility! [starts barking orders] Butters! Take some kids and go dig up whatever dirt you can on Kyle's past. I'm talkin' booby magazines, whatever.
WWUHUH-O: kay! [hops off his chair. Wendy watches him leave]
DOUBLE: stuffed cookies are my favorite. [starts eating]
MMM: okay.
ME: too. Nnn that's a good idea.
MM: yup.
W: we really didn't see it that way.
Y: yeah, but… the color of someone's skin doesn't matter.


HOME: schooled kids? Who the hell are they?
WHAT'S: a "home schooled kid"?
SOMETHING: which has a krocsyldiph like quality.
BECAUSE: I'm home schooled.
U-U: uh, hi. [puts his hands behind his back]
HEL: lo.
I'M: gonna be home schooled, and leave all the pain and suffering of public school behind me! Screw you guys, I'm a-gonna be home-schooled! [leaves and closes the door]
OOWHY: yu you best do what he says, uh home-school kid. Why, this is our part of the playground, see? And uh, a-and if you don't follow our rules, whyuh, why we're gonna duct-tape ya to the bench.
YEAH.: I wonder how Cartman is doing with his home schooling.
HE: ey, would you like to come up to my room?
I: have to extricate a rr region in his cerebral cortex, or risk ih-nfection to the synaptic responses.
AH.: Alright. Rebecca. But it's time to start your home schooling! [snorts twice and leaves with his wife]
BUT: the big dance is tomorrow and all the guys are gonna duct tape him to a flagpole.
WHA-Y: noh ot? [leads him onto a nice path next to a lovely flowerbed with all sorts of flora] Isn't Papa's garden beautiful? He works so hard on it. [picks a flower]
HOW: can children go to school on a f licker of light?
WOOWHAT: means "ki iss"?
Y-YOU: bet your sweet a ass I will.
WOO: oh Holy Cow! [Kyle and Mark are quite surprised. "Gotta get away."]
WHAT: the ? Damn, baby. [rubs his ass. Red looks angrily at Rebecca. Kyle is shocked, and Mark has left]


HEH: aaaaaah!
DOO: uhh.
HEH: aaaaaah!
EHHHA-A-A: ah.
HUH: hold on just a second there, Principal Victoria. [she stops writing] I think I may know what the problem is. [walks to Timmy and stands behind him, checking him out ]
HA-A-A-A-A: h.
OKAY: now Timmy. Can you tell me In Chapter 7, what kind of car did Gatsby drive?
TIM: mih.
HUH: I don't know, man. [picks up the garage door opener and presses the button. The door rises to the sound of an angelic choir and orchestra and reveals the bright light outside. And in that light is Timmy.] Whoaaa!
RRRRR: laurlaurlah Timmehah! [no reaction, but later, the band practices again. Timmy is with them now.] Timmehuh! [the band plays on, then stops] Timmehh.
SOUTH: Park Battle Of The Bands. A four member band is onstage. One member is on keyboards, a second is on drums, a third on guitar, and the fourth has the mic. The first and third have flaming hairdos
OO-YEE-HEE-YEH: hah!
FRAMED: by seven monitors showing the following the MTV logo, The Cure's Robert Smith, a rotating Earth, Ozzy Osbourne, KoRn, Elton John, and Rick James] Why am I still doing this? I've got to be the oldest person in this network by at least 40 years.
MILE: High Stadium "Tonight Only. TIMMY!!! Sold Out."
NUH: nn, the name of the band is Timmy and the Lords of the Underworld.
SO: it's decided Phil Collins concert for all of us. [a Christina Aguilera bug is crawling all over Kenny] Hooray. [looks] Oh oh. Hold still, Kenny. [takes his pan and swings it at Kenny. It strikes, and Kenny's face is smashed in. Kenny falls forward, hits the floor, and a puddle of blood forms under him]
HOLD: on a second you children want to go see Phil Collins?
MM: my God. What have we done?? [beings to weep]
TIM: my! Tim-my! Tim-my! Tim-my!
TIMMIIHH: uluh livin' a lie!


IN: a great courtyard outside the super basilica. An angel addresses the others
DOCTOR_IT'S: the latest in electro plastilical science. Your son's organs are all functioning again.
STUART: He can't more on his own ah how will he eat?
LAWYER: To Eric Cartman "Eric, I never really liked you. But then, nobody does. You have no ability to feel, and you are going to die alone and miserable. It is only because I feel so sorry for you that I leave you my Sony PSP."
CAROL: He's alive. He ee smiles when I talk to him. I think...
STUART: I I don't know if it's right to keep Kenny alive on that machine. I-I just... I don't know what he would want.
KYLE: How can they let an eight-year old decide Kenny's fate?
ANCHOR: This is HBC News. A right-to die case debate is heating up in Colorado, [Kenny is shown] where Kenny McCormick's feeding tube has been removed by his BFF. [a choked-up Cartman shows his half of the BFF medallion] Two boys are bringing national attention to this story by protesting outside the hospital.
MRS.: Garrison Get your man hands off of me!
HOODED: figure I will do what we always do Use the Republicans.
ANCHOR: The biggest battle of all time is about to begin the battle of the feeding tube! As people on both sides of the argument vie for media attention.


COACH: Oh not this again Let me guess you just went to that stupid WWE show in Denver last night!
JIMMY: So is that when I t tell you that your girlfriend is a whore?
JIMMY: I am gonna k kick your ass!
CARTMAN: Guys let's face it they can't wrestle for crap! I mean, every time I wrestle with one of them, they flub a line or blow their monologue. And Tolkien? He has no emotion, no timing, he's the worst wrestler I've ever seen!
REDNECK: 13 They took hid drr.
REDNECK: 25 They tok hid drr!
REDNECK: 5 Took hid drrr!
REDNECK: 27 Brk hij jrr! [a rooster in a cage crows]
JIMMY: Face it Stan's crappy singing is what sssunk us!
STAN: What three fights break out in the ring Cartman vs. Kyle, Jimmy vs. Stan, and Tolkien vs. Butters] Fuck you, Jimmy!
JIMMY: You can s , you can suck, suck my balls!


KYLE: D ude, I totally miffed that middle part. Did you see that?
STAN: Hero Heroin Hero?
MICK'S: Bowling Lanes day. The sign now says KILE BARFFLOSKI ON GUITAR HERO. Inside, Kyle is at the Guitar Hero setup playing along to another song.
JIMMY: Oh my sweet J Jesus!


BUTTERS: Ahhh [pumps his right fist] kay.
BUTTERS: NASCA NASCAR?
SPOKESMAN: We're really excited to be part of the fastest growing sport in America! [the crowd cheers]
CHARLIE: that's a hot girl over there. [giggles]
COMMERCIAL: Vagisil
BUTTERS: Gee whiz, there's Vagi-everythings.
BUTTERS: Wuh uh I'm buying?
DOCTOR: aren't on life support. Pulling a plug wouldn't do anything.
CARTMAN: ...Uh oh.
CARTMAN: ho! Bring it on, Danica! You dumb bitch! Think I can't steer left better than you?!


CARTMAN: North Africa. Just picture it guys clear blue water with skull islands. Waterfalls and jeweled treasure underneath.
BUTTERS: It's just l leavin' everything behind, uh, uh I can't believe I'm actually doing it.
BUTTERS: Where's all the waterfalls and shi and shipwreck lagoons?
BUTTERS: Oh. He he says they're in there. [points to his left. A mustard-colored building is being defended by two guards.]
SOMALI: 2 Mayasuk Hageha-aden Letka suwahater Translation "No! wait! Don't go in there! Those people are dangerous!"]
CARTMAN: Du dude! You're doing it all wrong! Let me handle this. [takes the bullhorn from him] Alright ya scalliwags! Surrender your plunder and let me send my shot across your bow!
KYLE: "Dear Mommy and Daddy I am running away. I am sorry, but I can no longer handle the monotony of middle-class life. Everyone at school is a fucking idiot, and if one more person talked to me about that Susan Boyle performance of Les Misérables I was going to puke my balls out through my mouth. I love you all, but I have to move on. I'm going to Somalia to be a-" to be a pirate?! Oh shit!
CRUISE: Attendant "We got 'em They're safe!" [the pirate boat turns and zooms away]
DECK: Hand Le lightsabeur - terrible. ("The lightsaber...it was terrible")[does lightsaber sound effects, then sobs.]


DRIVE: the car it, drive!
NO: nephew of mine is gonna be a tree hugger.
SOUTH: Park Center for Seismic Activity Randy is humming another day and all is quiet. A rumble is heard in the distance, but Randy is dozing off. A stronger rumble rolls through.
EM: moh man, that is nasty.
THIS: calls for some HJ 14.
AND: my calculations worked the lava is following the trench into the canyon.


PASSER: by
RELAX: Stan. You'll feel better once we're out trick-or treating.
I: don't wanna trick-or treat with you. You lied to me.
LET'S: go trick-or treats.
TRICK-OR: treat with yourself, Wendy!
THINK: about it Dead people getting up and walking around, and Tina Yothers comin' to town? Coincidence?? Oooh I don't think so!
TRICK-OR: treat!
RIGHTY: o.
TRICK-OR: treat.
HOPE: you kids like chocolate-peanut butter cream puffies.
TRICK-OR: treat.
TRICK-OR-T: Aaah!
I'M: trying to trick-or treat God dammit!
NOBODY: screws up my trick-or treats and gets away with it!


CARTMAN: No. U-unless you want me to. You want me to have self respect, then I will.
CARTMAN: Nu no, she doesn't. She told me she doesn't wanna fight. She's just stuck, Stan. Because she knows I'm gonna kick her ass, but she feels like if she doesn't fight me all the kids are gonna call her a chicken.
CARTMAN: Detention That's it begins to fidget "I've gotta get detention, fast!" The minute hand hits 0 and Cartman runs out of his seat towards the front of the class. He gets on Mr. Garrison's desk, shoves the Homework Assignments holder off the desk, lowers his pants, and leaves a nice brown gift on the desk. Mr. Garrison looks at him. The class is stunned as Cartman looks back at Mr. Garrison]
JIMMY: I always knew deep down that Wendy didn't have any ba-ba balls.


YOUR: mom—is--a--bi-bi-bii-biittchh.
TUG: - a little harder, Billy.
RUNS: into a Port-a Potty for some quick relief.
IN: line to use the Port-a Potty.
SOUNDS: of abdominal pain as people line up to the Porto potties.
IT'S: about time you lazy ass son of a w****.
SHOT: of a large pile of crap lying in front of the two Porto potties.
GREAT-GREAT: Grandpa
GREAT-GREAT: Grandpa
GREAT-GREAT: Grandpa
GREAT-GREAT: Grandpa
GREAT-GREAT: Grandpa


STAN: Kyle and Kenny walk past a shack on which hangs a banner "COSTUME CONTEST TOMORROW"
W: we weren't scared!
NUH: uh.
YUH-HUH.: They roam these docks with their swords and hook hands [molds his left hand into a hook] looking for victims tuh... [swipes it through the air] cut up!
KORN: is a devil worshiping group that plays violent music! If we allow that demon band to play on this most unholy of holidays, we may incur the full wrath of evil!
E: heric, it's only Halloween.
U: hi think that's a sweet idea!
RELAX: dude. What's the big deal Think about it if your grandma knew that she could help you, even in death, she would want to.
JUST: hear those sleigh bells jingle in', ring ting tingle-in' too
WE: could shove a stick up her ass and use her like a puppet "Rowr, rowr, I'm scary Grandma!"
WHO-O: oa.
WA-A-A: ah!
O: kay! [they walk away and pass by the priest, who is nailing a post into place: "Halloween is Anti-God." He stops.]
WELL.: The most likely reason is that... somebody wanted to have sex with her dead body.
NO: , we don't want to upset you, but you should know that your mother's body would be stiff and dry, so he would have to have it soaked in warm water for several hours before making love to it.
O-O: ogh! [gets up and walks away. The men just sit there]
U: huh, nice costume, Kenny. If you think you're gonna win with that, huh!
EE: oooh!
AL: right!
O: kay! [the groups separates in two. In the secure group are Stan, Kyle, Jonathan, Munky, and Fieldy. In the insecure group are Cartman, Kenny, David, and Head]
SAY: this looks like a clue. picks up a book "Pirate Lore of South Park, By A.R.R. Robbins"] "Pirate Lore of South Park." Hmmm. Now, why would pirate ghosts need a book on pirates? [something metallic falls]
PEG: leg
PEG: leg
PUH: puuhh pirate ghost! [all scatter]
PEG: leg
HO: hoh.
AND: a one, and-a-two, and a [goes right into "Falling Away From Me." The strobe lights come on, and the crowd looks a little stunned. The fifth graders are at the very front of the crowd, and the body of Grandma Broflovski inches up to them]


KYLE: [clearly annoyed now] I'm not inviting you to Casa Bonita.
SOUTH: Park Elementary day. The kids head for class Bill, Craig, Wendy, then Jimmy. Cartman enters and rounds the corner, sees Jimmy and runs up to him.
JIMMY: Well like try this one on for size Knock knock.
JIMMY: Ing mar ...Bergman. [Cartman jumps, but not because of the joke. Kyle approaches them from the other end of the hall.] Now you say, "Ingmar Bergman who?" [Cartman quickly punches Jimmy in the face]
BUTTERS: Nnn how terrible?
KYLE: I told him 5 30 and we gotta get going. You in?
YATES: All right folks this is the little boy we're looking for [holds up a picture of Butters] Leopold Stotch, also known as Butters. He's been missing for two days and was last seen at the school. Let's go find him.
OO-OO-OOOOO: oo girl, baby please don't go. Eh,
OO-OO-OOOOO: oo girl. [the shelter lid opens again] Eric? [rises and looks up the shaft] Eric, is that you?
BUTTERS: Uh w where??
CARTMAN: Happy Birthday to you. Happy [looks at the other boys for support]


BUTTERS: Hu uh, okay Mom. [waits a few moments, then gets that devilish look again.] Yes. Uh sleet sleep for now. [turns and faces the camera out side once more] Tomorrow, the chaos begins. [begins to laugh softly, then harder, than more maniacally, then in full maniacal laughter]
BENNIGAN'S: chef Order twenty three is up, and uh, order twenty-four is up. [presses down on a bell twice.]
MONTAGE: 1 A Day At The Amusement Park.
CARTMAN: We decided to get some one-on one time with Jimmy and ride the log ride. [cut to the log ride] The great thing was that, because Jimmy's crippled, we got to go to the front of the line. [the boys are escorted to the first car, cut back to Cartman] That was definitely big points for Jimmy, you know, but, but then we got to the ride itself, and...
TWEEK: O oh Jesus! Aaah I can't take it!
MONTAGE: 2 The Swimsuit And Talent Competition. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman sit on the chairs in the audience. The six remaining candidates are on stage.
JIMMY: There's some chocolates and lih liquorice, and some games and peh- pencils inside.


RANDY: Well I was thinking We could turn the homeless into tires, so that we'd still have homeless, but we could use them, on our cars.
KYLE: Oh c come on, that can't be why they're all here. There has to be another reason.
RANDY: Stay awa ...I don't have any change! [collapses on the floor against the door] I don't have any chaaaahahange!
MONTAGE: the boys modify a bus. Stan works on the front fenders. Cartman works on brakes and accelerator. Kenny works on tightening the barbed wire running along the roof's edge. Kyle works on putting up a shield in front of the bus with a screw gun. Stan moves to the transmission. Cartman and Kenny reinforce the sides of the bus. Kyle works on the PA system.
BUILT: them port-a potties
GERALD: Cha-a ange?
SANTA: Monica Pier. The bus passes it going south towards Venice Beach. The homeless follow


KYLE: I am picking up carbon based life forms in Sector C. I believe we will find a village of peaceful aliens over that ridge. [Cartman sighs silently]
TICKET: Salesman This is an R rated movie.
STAN: W what? Mel Gibson? You're saying we have to get our money back from Mel Gibson?
STAN: Tor torture you?
MAN: 7 This proves the anti Semitic effect that movie is having!
RABBI: This movie is causing anti Semitism! You must remove it from your theater!
RABBI: This film is anti Semitic and it must be stopped!
JACK: H he's not... quite as eloquent as I had pictured.
STAN: He's koo koo, dude. He's absolutely out of his mind.


TWEEK: Huh uh, how can I help it? It seems that everywhere I turn, someone is out to get me.
SHEILA: What-what whaaat?
SHARON: Good bye, son. [hugs Stan and sobs softly] Remember to eat right.
RANDY: Good bye, kids. We'll... never forget you. [the adults continue crying. Stephen pulls out a ram's horn and blows into it a few times]


CARTMAN: huh??
CARTMAN: Okay let's take a vote Who thinks the possibility of ancient aliens at Thanksgiving makes for an interesting history report? [he and Kenny raise their hands, then Stan raises his]


MINT: Berry Crunch [looks at himself again] Like milk?
LIANE: No Eric, stay in the car, sweetie!
ALARM: Alert Seriously. All Coon Friends to base. Alert, you guys. I'm seriously.
COON: What's the huge ? Did you guys not see that Captain Hindsight guy?!
MINT: Berry Crunch Let's pack the Gulf full of flavor! [Cartman looks at him in disbelief]
MINT: Berry Crunch More helpful than taking naked pictures of Butters.
MOSQUITO: And that's another thing no more picking on Mint-Berry Crunch!
MINT: Berry Crunch [defeated] Right right.
CAJUN: Shrimp Merchant Where are d'you countih ninety oh bebbly now is showmesitchcum.
NEWS: 4 Breaking News DP unleashes Cthulhu


JIMMY: In her... va vagina. [smiles, but the other boys remain silent] Thank you, thank you. What a terrific audience.
FUTURE: Self -n Me, Future Self -n-
BUTTERS: Wha , what are you lookin' for, huh Stan?
BUTTERS: Wait right here Stan. I warn you may not like what you're about to see. [slides his closet door open, steps inside the closet, and slides the door shut]
BUTTERS: This lady'll massage your wiener for ninety five dollars. Well that's a pretty good deal.
STAN: damnit, I knew this was too good to be true! Come on, Butters, let's go. [both boys turn and walk towards the door]
CARTMAN: Craig's. a and Clyde's. Oh and and Kyle's, but that was a freebie. Look, I run a legitimate business here with state-of-the-art computers, charts, and technology. Look around you. I know how it feels to be really, really pissed off at your parents. And I will work hard, for you. [Stan and Butters think a moment, then take seats before Cartman]
BUTTERS: Poop poop swatches?
CARTMAN: Poop smearing is the hot ticket right now, Stan, and... have you seen the poop swatches.


CARTMAN: What's happened Well let's see You bet me that I couldn't prove that leprechauns were real. And if I could prove it, you had to suck my balls, I believe.
BUTTERS: I c I can?
REPORTER: 5 ...A ooch
CHIEF: Justice This of course overturns any imagination based verdicts in the past, including the famous Cartman v. Broflovski ballsucking case.
TRON: Soldier I ee got one. I got him. [the Woodland Critters approach]
GUARD: 2 You pot smokin' hippies aren't gettin' through here, so back off!
KYLE: Because I [catches himself] I... Um... because I think... they are real. It's all real. Think about it. Haven't Luke Skywalker and Santa Claus affected your lives more than most real people in this room? I mean, whether Jesus is real or not, he... he's had a bigger impact on the world than any of us have. And the same could be said of Bugs Bunny and, a-and Superman and Harry Potter. They've changed my life, changed the way I act on the Earth. Doesn't that make them kind of "real." They might be imaginary, but, but they're more important than most of us here. And they're all gonna be around long after we're dead. So in a way, those things are more realer than any of us. [Cartman begins a slow clap, then speeds it up. The techs in the room join in and soon everyone is applauding Kyle's speech]
CARTMAN: O hoo Kyle! What are you doing to my balls? OHO, look! It's Kyle sucking my balls! [the imaginary Cartman is a little shocked]
CARTMAN: O hoo Kyle, you are gobbling those balls, aren't you? I told you you would suck my balls before this was over, didn't I, Kyle?
CARTMAN: No Kyle, I believe you said that imaginary things are real.


BENNY: The money in your account it didn't do too well, it's gone.
ANNOUNCER: This is a 9 News Special Report. RECESSION A NATION IN PERIL.
ORATOR: 2 ...An angel came to me and so I say to Do not listen to the Wall Street brokers! For they are the ones that put us in this situation! Fat cats with corporate greed! They are the ones who knowingly drove us down this pathway of doom! Our responsibility is...
RECEPTIONIST: O kay, let me send you into Josh. [next shot is of Josh dipping his finger into a little can of Carmex and spreading it on his lips]
KYLE: Ju just have a little compassion, huh? I mean, everyone's gone out and bought something stupid. It's not so bad. Whichever of you guys has never bought anything frivolous, go ahead and huck the next squirrel. [a man behind Principal Victoria moves and hucks a squirrel at Garrison]
KYLE: Listen this is all you need to the economy is not a supernatural all-knowing entity. The economy is just an idea, made up by people, thousands of years ago. The economy is not real. And yet, it is real. Nowadays they'll give credit cards to practically anyone who applies for them. [pulls out an envelope] I applied for this yesterday to prove a point. It is an American Express Platinum card. [from Kyle's position, one can see hundreds of people listening to him] It has no spending limit. [cries of shock rise from the crowd] Do not be afraid! This is only plastic. It's just something made up by people. Truly meaningless until we put our faith in it. Faith is what makes an economy exist. Without faith, it is only plastic cards and paper money.
MAN: 12 Well then there's only one option we have to kill the Jew.
SHEILA: No o Kyle, you'll be in debt for the rest of your life! [stands up and walks away] Please, somebody, get him to sto-o-op! [Randy gets an idea, points towards his house, and leaves. More people walk towards Kyle, and this continues for hours. Kyle begins to moan from lack of energy as he continues paying off debts]


BANG: bang!
FINGERBANG: bang!
I'M: gonna fingerbang bang you into my life
I'M: gonna fingerbang-bang you ever y night
FINGERBANG: bang!
I'M: gonna fingerbang-bang -
LITTLE: Bunny Foo Foo hoppin' through the forest
LITTLE: Wormy Foo Foo crawlin' through the forest
GETTIN: scooped up by the field mice who mah m then they bopped 'im on the head
AHAH: oo well, alright then. [walks off to his left, unsure]
MIIIS: suuus Landers was a health nut; She cooked food in a wok
COCK-A-DOODLE: doodle, the rooster just won't quit
O-O: oh. What? How'd you get in here? Hey.
I'M: gonna fingerbang bang you into my life
I'M: goin' to fingerbang-bang you ever y night
SOUTH: Park Elementary playground day. Nine kids are there the five band members and the four other girls in class. Cartman is talking to Bebe, Red, Annie, and Milly. He seems to have taken Chef's advice...
FINGERBANG-BANG: you ever y night
ATTENTION: shoppers There are naked people at the orange smoothie machine. There are naked people at the orange smoothie machine. [crowds of mall shoppers head for the orange smoothie machine]
LISTEN: I'm putting together a rock group. A vocal group called the Ghetto Avenue Boys. I think you would make a perfect member.
FINGERBANG: bang!
I'M: gonna fingerbang bang you into my life
I'M: goin' tuh fingerbang-bang you ever y night
FINGERBANG-BANG: you ever y night!
OK: Okay, okay.


THAT'S: why my mom got me a pot bellied pig. Cause its poop is small.
THAT'S: it. I'm going to combine my elephant with a pot bellied pig and make...pot-bellied elephants.
I: want a pot bellied elephant.
AT: least I'm not a little pig fucker!
DIINDOON: pig and elephant DNA just won't splice!
DOOODNNNDOODNN: A pig and an elephant DNA just won't...
ARE: you staring at my neck brace?
TONIGHT: is a right for love,
TONIGHT: is a right for love, love gravy.
I: want tuh - keep you burnin' like a dog in heat.
TONIGHT: is a right for love, love graaavaaay.
CLONE: Stan throws four assed frog against wall, killing it.
USUALLY: about 9 30 in the morning, children.
AH: chewy-chewy chomp.
BA-BA-CHOMP-BETCHABA-CHEWY-CHEWY-CHOMP: aaah.
ITS-TO-THE-LEFT: mayoueyea.
BA: chomp, eh mee ahh jaran.
CHEWY-CHEWY: chomp.


CARTMAN: Pretty much went through everybody. Craig's got the mo [noticing Craig coming into view] sh, sh sh sh sh. Here he comes, here he comes. [as Craig passes by] Heya, Craig, your uh... your family get you that jacket at Walmart or Kmart? [stifles a laugh]
BUTTERS: So then I cross-referenced all the kids who were on half priced lunches with the tax records of people in town to see which kids' parents actually made the least amount of money last year.
MR.: Adams We just no, we just like to have fun here.
CARTMAN: Okay alright so listen I know our family is poor, okay?! But before we lived there, Kenny was actually poorer than me! So technically, he's the poorest kid at this school!
BOY: 3 L leave her alone.
GREELEY: officer 3 A false police report can carry up to a two month prison term, son.
NARRATOR: Three arrests in just one power packed episode, proving once again that we are all just one Pabst Blue Ribbon away from becoming... white trash in trouble! Sponsored by Schlitz.


WUH: okay! You guys ready up there!?
YEAH.: Oo-oo why, us men will show those s***** hos who's who!
WE'RE: here to investigate the rock throwing incident.
NN: um. m'kay, uh, I've already taken care of it; Eric Cartman here is gonna be punished with two weeks of detention.
DO: you still have that battery powered toy truck you got last Christmas?!
NEWS: Flash "High Speed Chase"
IN: the Go Go Action Bronco
NEWS: Flash Continuing coverage. Stan and Kyle watch the news flash at Stan's house
JUST: a friendly reminder Cartman's going to jail and you've got four days until the race, rump rangers! [hangs up]
HUH: who's Romper Stomper?
WEDNESDAY: Phil Collins Hill practice run. Elevation 9436 feet. The boys in the class are gathered at the summit with Stan, Kyle, and Kenny. Phil Collins' face is the hill's defining geographic feature
UH...: 'Cause I'm just like you guys. I'm one of you.
WO-O-O-O: oh! [they lose control of the sled and start spinning]
ALAMOSA: Juvenile Hall Thursday. Visiting hours 10 00 to 2:00. Relatives have come to visit the inmates
JUST: hand over the damned cigarettes!
THERE'S: only one thing we can do We have to go see Token and see if he'll forgive Cartman for hate-criming him. Come on, we're running out of time!
NO: way douche. I told I ain't your friend. If you want me to help you, you're gonna have to sneak something else in for me.
YEAH.: I have a real problem with hate crime legislation. In fact, I'd love to see you kids go down and give the governor a piece of my mind.
I: want my Mo omm [cries some more and rubs his eyes]


BUTTERS: But uh-ih-it's only 6 30.
CARTMAN: Eh ...what?
CARTMAN: But I'm not g I'm not gay, you guys!
KYLE: No no wait. I I know how you can reverse it, Cartman.
BUTTERS: Y yeah!
BUTTERS: What's... bi curious?
STEPHEN: A secluded camp where lots of bi curious boys are all put together? That sounds like a good idea.
BUTTERS: Because I'm bi curious?
BUTTERS: I'm bi curious.
BRADLEY: Do not lie with a man as one lies with a woman that is detestable. - Leviticus 18:22.
BUTTERS: He's bi curious too?
8: 26 p.m., Cartman's room. Cartman sits at his desk looking distraught.
BUTTERS: and Bradley are in their room doing penance writing Biblical verses at the table.
BUTTERS: Wuh what's the matter?
8: 56 p.m., Cartman's room. Cartman is back at his desk fretting about the following day.
DIRECTOR: Oheh hey Dad.
BRADLEY: Stay stay back! I'm an abomination of God!
BUTTERS: No. I like bein' bi curious.
CARTMAN: Yes. This is shot at a 5.6 aperture using a low light filter. You can see the grain from the high-speed film - there's sort of a- penis in my mouth right here - and the low depth of field keeps the background soft.


UUUUHH: UUuuhh.
WHA: what is this about Christmas Poo, dude?
ON: Christ maas.
EX: cuse me?
NOW: I want you to repeat after me 'There is no such thing as Mr. Hankey'.
HOWWWWDY: hoooo.
HOWDY: ho, Kyle. Gosh, you're looking swell.
AND: I'll say 'Howdy ho'.
AND: I'll say 'Howdy ho'.
HOWDY: ho!
O: Okay. But don't scare him...
HERE: we go Christ
SO: does anybody know any non-Santa or non Jesus Christmas songs.
O: ho. Weeeeeeeeeellll
HOWDY: ho!
SHE'S: a super King Kamehameha bi atch!
KYLE'S: MOOOM IS A - BIIIIII-I-I-ITCH aahh.
MMMRRR: aaarrrggghhh!!!
MOOKIE: stinks?
HOWDY: ho.
UUUUUUUGGHH: oh my God, you sick little monkey!
VOICE: over
VOICE: over
THIS: is the most awful piece of crap I've ever seen!!
PICKING: up the elderly tree hugger.
HOOOOWWWWWDY: ho!!!
HOWDY: ho, Chef!
HOWDY: ho, Mr. Hankey!
HOWDY: ho, Kyle!!!
HE: can be brown or greenish brown
GOOD: bye Mr. Hankey! Bring me lots of presents! I always believed in you!
HOWDY: ho ho ho!
WH: what could it be?


CHICAGO: Obama headquarters. It's 1 10 am and Obama steps through some double doors. The press awaits him.
MCCAIN: Yes we do. Assemble the rest of the team we've only got ten hours.
RANDY: Cehhh lebrate good Obama come on! [reaches a keg of beer and serves himself some into a mug] It's Obamobama! [someone walks by and just throws up]
RANDY: O bama you're so fine, you're so fine you blow my mind. Hey Obama! Hey Obama! [Cartman rolls by in his Big Wheels trike, pulling a cart full of TVs]
IKE: Good bye. [falls from the window sill and lands on the ground face down]
SS: agent 1 The new President elect is here. Eh he wants into the Oval Office.
RANDY: We don't have to take... crap... from the fit rich, fat cats anymore.
STEPHEN: Let's just stay back STAY BACK! We don't have any more room in the Ark. [above the garage door is the work "A.RK"]
NURSE: You don't understand kid there's only two doctors on call, and Dr. Wilson is out celebrating in the streets somewhere.
MICHELLE: My girls need somebody better than a world class diamond thief. Woowait, there! I got it.
OBAMA: 4 46, from inside I can open the doors and let in the rest of the crew. [Obama opens the vault door and McCain and the others walk in] 5:10 a.m., at the Department of Power Quincy shuts down the grid, disabling power to the vault room. 5:12, my grandmother who faked her death on Monday calls in a bomb threat to the museum.
OBAMA: 5 13, the guards open the southwest door, checking the museum for any bombs. [above them, Palin crawls across the ceiling like Spider-Man towards the entrance] 5:14, McCain, dressed as a football player, enters security and shuts off the diamond case alarm. [Palin drops down and hangs upside down. She lifts the glass display cover from the diamond and swipes the Hope Diamond from its display case. McCain is spotted and flees]
QUINCY: There's just one thing don't you think people are going to be suspicious when you disappear? Go looking for you?


DROP-A-CHAIR-UPON-TOP: Snot, day. Pip leaves the town, crosses an open field, enters an enclosed lot and stops right in front of the camera
RIGHTY: o. What are we going to play?
HM-M: m. What else?
GOOD: bye, sir.
YOU'LL: do fine dear fellow just fine. Now on to Ms. Havisham She was raised by a wealthy father and grew up to be a somewhat of a spoiled brat. [Pip eats his food with his knife] And now I might mention, Pip, that in London it is not the custom to put the knife in the mouth.
IT'S...: a as if...[winces] sssomeone has a hold of my heart and isss [winces] squeezing it very tightly.
WUH: hy? Well, that's simple. Because I need the tears of broken-hearted men to use in my Genesis device. [Pip looks at her in horror] You see, my foolish child, I'm growing very old. But tonight I will fuse my soul into Estella's once and for all. And then I can go on breaking men's hearts for another generation.
ICE: skating!
TWENTY: six baby bunnies


WUH: I love Chinpokomon.
OWN: ah Chinpokomon, and-ah you vill-ah have-ah happy feelings-eh. [static]
HELLO: o? Ey, hello? [a monitor drops down from above]
RR: Red Harris? I own a toy store in America?
PUREASE: state the puhpose uh.
I: am President Hirohito. And ah, this is Mr. Ose.
WE: unduhstand you have big concern about our fine pro duct.
MINNA: san, kite kite! ["Everyone, come come!" A group of Japanese women move in, chattering] This-a man has veh-ry big penis! [the women applaud, Red grins big]
GOOD: bye. Thank you for stopping by, with your gargantuan penis. [Red walks out humming happily. After a moment Hirohito looks angrily at Mr. Ose] Dame, dame da. ["Its over. Its all over." The women quickly exit the room. He slaps the back of Mr. Ose's head] Naze kono chippu o soto wo detanda? ["Why did you let this chip get outside?"]
MARSH: residence next day. A TV is on "I've got to buy it! I've got to buy it! Chinpokomon!" Sharon sits on the sofa looking at the cartoon.
ROO-OO: oostor! [a teen boy in black body suit emblazoned with an 8 appear]
MINNA: san! Kite kite, churi... [farts. The class laughs]
WE: at the Japan Toy Company are vetty cohncerned about a your cohncerns. That is why we make Chinpokomon camp.
O: kay, people. I know this Chinpuku Man fad is causing a lot of problems. But I think we've already found a solution.
AAAGG-AGH-: ! [ends up under a truck. A cloud of steam rushes out on impact]
ALABA: ma Man!
NOT: all people from Alabama are wife beaters. [Again, the boys stay silent]
STANLEY: -
CHINPOKO: ga dai suki yo! ["We're crazy about this Chinpoko stuff." All the adults carry Chinpokomon now]
OOOOH-HO-HO: ho, gro-hoss! [Stan and Kyle laugh as Cartman looks on, the credits play the instrumental theme that played in the Wild Wacky Action Bike & Alabama Man commercials]


STELLA: It's the time out stool. You can't get down until the time is up.
NEXT: nanny show A British flag, then a smiling nanny, then the nanny next to a British phone, with three kids next to her, then an early limousine pulls up and she gets inside it, then an American flag appears, then she's having dinner with an American family. Last scene is a montage of children she's dealt with over the length of her career
DOG: Whisperer title screen. First scene two dog owners try to keep their angry dogs away from each other. Second scene, a Chihuahua tries to keep a lampshade his owner is trying to take from him. Next, a man runs through a meadow with four dogs. Next, he's skating down a city street with six dogs on leashes pulling him along. Next, he's training a dog at poolside. Next, he's handling a terribly agitated dog. Next, he's running along a shore with the six dogs he had on leashes earlier, now unleashed. Next, he's giving a dog's leash to its female dog owner. Finally, a montage of silhouettes with Cesar and a bunch of dogs
CARTMAN: Gih [quiets down] Okay, I'm fine. I'm cool now. May I have some chicken please?
CARTMAN: That's super interesting. But I've been out living on the streets for almost four hours! Make me something to eat.
CESAR: This is more aggressive dominant behavior. Don't nurture it.
CARTMAN: Oh my God. Bite size Snickers? That's it. I'm calling child-protective services! [gets off and walks to the phone]
LIANE: There's just one problem he still fights me every step of the way. I feel like he's doing what I tell him, but that inside he's still the same angry spoiled child.
CARTMAN: She isn't an object I can own. Sh she's a human being.


NATHAN: Listen to me there is no way that Blue Team is gonna beat Red Team this year at camp. You got that?
HIS: ex wife will not let her son
MIMSY: Dah oh boy! We're gonna get Jimmy killed by Indians, huh boss? [again Nathan shushes him as a specialist draws near to them]
TOWELIE: Hey everybody. Let's all go to the office supply store. [inside he grabs as many bottles of computer duster as he can]
SHE'S: sure to make you g giggle.


AND: Chickadee y the chickadee, all made the forest their house.
BEAVERY: Goo goodbye Stanny!
MOUSEY: I deduce the man boy doesn't understand the seriousness of the fertilization.
CHICKADEE: y Finally the critters are gonna have a Savior of their very own, of their very own! [they all cheer]
SQUIRRELY: There's just one problem We don't have a manger for our Savior to be born in.
CHICKADEE: y [flitting straight up into the air] Wait a minute, look! [the animals turn to see Stan approaching them]
STAN: Wai wait, the Antichrist?? You said she was giving birth to your savior!
DEERY: Well think about it You really think God would have sex with a porcupine?
CHICKADEE: y No way! Only Satan, Prince of Darkness and King of all Evil would do that! Yay!
CHICKADEE: y Drink his blood! Drink his blood!
HE: thought he could hide from his problems not true!
NARRATOR: He knew that only by going to the forest could he -
CHICKADEE: y That way he could take over the whole world! The whole world!
MOUSEY: The human must be non baptized and heathenistic against Christ.
CHICKADEE: y Will you really, Stanny?
CHICKADEE: y Our powers get stronger every day! Get stronger every day!
MOTHER: lion Wha - Oh my, what happened?


I: said We're not getting on, you fat ugly b****.
HI.: We were wondering why fat ass [Mitt to mouth.] I mean, Cartman, hasn't been showing up for school.
WOO: whataya mean?
AND: my friend Kyle has a dad, and my friend Kenny has a dad?
AND: sometimes the man puts his who-who-dilly in the woman's cha cha.
SO: who put his who-who-dilly in your cha cha?
SO: where is Chief Running Water I mean, Dad, now?
IN: the harrowing made-for TV drama, Not Without My Anus, based on a true story.
JUST: a free li'l reminder to all of you out there send us your stupidest home videos. Grand prize for this month will be $10,000. [Chuckles.]
MMMM: my, how exciting. Would you care to... put your tongue in my mouth?
I: was just down in the SPC kickin' it with some G's on the Westsa eed-eh.
KENNY: finally gets the go cart going, but is yanked behind it. It won't let him go, and a variation on Mission Impossible begins to play.
WESTSA-EED: eh.
OOOOH-HO-HO: hoh hohohohoh, that's different. Women don't get pregnant from tongue-kissing, children.
OOOOOOOOOO: And they roll around and now things a really startuh getting hot,
IS: there uh anything we can do for you, son?


HUT-HUT-HUT-HUT-HUT.: Hut-hut-hut. Hut-hut-hut-hut-hut hut.
I: don't know. Wha what's the spread?
EXCELLENT.: A .
OOH-LA: la.
LOVING: you is easy 'cause you're beautiful doo-nn-doo-nn-doo doo... Aaaaah.
DOO-NN-DOO-NN-DOO-DOO: Aaah.
DOO-NN-DOO: doo
DOO-NN-DOO-NN-DOO: doo...
AAA: dooo...
DID: you check the shopping ma [Stan punches him] Ow!
ENRIQUE: gets wide eyed.
THEY: enter the techno dance floor as disco music plays. Animals pour in to dance, even a dolphin on its tail.
OUCH-A: roo!
UH...: It it's really cool that we beat the spread against the Cowboys.
BUT: it was here. It was all right here. There there was a techno dance club...
DOO-NN-DOO-NN-DOO: dooo


JANET: He yeah. Done what?
JANET: But I'm not a ...whoa! Who-o-o-o-oa. [moves away]
LABORER: 5 I wrote three eses my ese back home, my ese in Denver, and my ese in Glenwood even wrote me back. "Thanks for writing me, ese." [the boys are stunned]
JANET: A are you sure?


CANADIAN: Courthouse 10 18 A.M. Dramatic music plays as the camera zooms in on the courthouse.
WE: find Terrance -
SCOTT'S: House 11 57 A.M. The phone rings and Scott answers.
BECAUSE: you're damned ugly, Bob.
TERRANCE: and Phillip's House 12 20 P.M.
CELINE: Dion's House 1 15 P.M. Terrance arrives and rings the doorbell.
CANADIAN: Airport 11 05 A.M. Terrance and Phillip are there to purchase tickets to Iran.
IN: deed, Phillip.
O: Ca nada,
TEHRAN: 2 30 P.M. Terrance and Phillip walk among the crowds in the city.
HE: points at a girl wearing a yellow dress and pink bow not Arab dress in the least.
PA: pa.
CANADIAN: Airport 3 45 P.M. The plane lands.
CELINE: Dion's House 4 02 P.M. Terrance and Phillip arrive with Sally. Terrance knocks, and Celine opens the door.
SADDAM: Hussein's Canadian HQ. 4 03 P.M. Scott enters the cabin.
DOWNTOWN: Canada 4 04 P.M. Saddam's troops are filing past the buildings as Terrance and Phillip look on. Terrance farts and the two laugh.
YES.: I agree whole fartedly.
SADDAM: Hussein's Canadian HQ. 4 05 P.M. Two U.S. Army Officials arrive.
NO: no. You need to relax guy. Remember the plan first we take over Canada, then we'll have to go after the female pop vocalist. After that, we'll take over the U.S., then Europe, then China, then Newfoundland, then the world!
TERRANCE: and Phillip's House 4 06 P.M. They are at home eating Kroff Dinner on the sofa.
CELINE: Dion's House 4 07 P.M. Celine Dion and Ugly Bob are back in bed.
HE: yy there. I'm Saddam Hussein. I'm a big fan of Polo. I've been searching a long time for you, Celine Dion.
KARL'S: Kroff Dinner Palace 4 36 P.M. Terrance and Phillip are there. So are some pictures of Saddam.
TERRANCE: and Phillip's House 12 20 P.M.
CANADA: Stadium 11 32 A.M.
HE: puts on his gas mask while Terrance brings out a bugle and sounds the alert. Everyone in the stadium then puts on masks.


BUTTERS: Who is it from "Sent from Japan. Konichi-wa." [skips around] Wow! A package for me from Japan!!
CARTMAN: Yes. You can trust AWESOM O. In fact, you should tell AWESOM-O all your most personal secrets. AWESOM-O will not make fun of you or tell your secrets to other people and stuff.
CARTMAN: Yes. AWESOM O is fine. Please go on.
BUTTERS: has AWESOM O take shots at a basketball hoop. The shot is good and Butters is pleased.
HE'S: smart as can be and emotion free
BUTTERS: washes dishes while AWESOM O dries them, then they go see "The Prince and Me." They exit, with Butters skipping beside AWESOM-O.
BUTTERS: has AWESOM O pull him along in a red wagon.
CARTMAN: AWESOM O does not have a mom.
BUTTERS: AWESOM O, I though you were programmed to do whatever I tell you.
BUTTERS: Ye yeah, that, that's pretty good. Get it up there good and deep.
BUTTERS: All right AWESOM O, time for us to get some sleep. [POV changes from outside to bedroom overhead] Hey, you want me to teach you some bedtime songs? If you leave me now, you'll take away the biggest part of me. Ooo-oo-oooo-oo-oo...
CARTMAN: AWESOM O must rest! His CPU system overloading.
BUTTERS: AWESOM O?!
BUTTERS: AWESOM O, what the Sam Heck are you doing?
CARTMAN: AWESOM O understands.
KYLE: Oh wait. Hey AWESOM O, [Cartman stops] I'd also like some celery sticks chopped up two inches long, with peanut butter and raisins on top.
BUTTERS: It was long. We had a three hour delay... departin' Denver, but we're here!
CARTMAN: AWESOM O must dispense oil waste. Where is the nearest toilet, please?
CARTMAN: Aw- Aw- AWESOM O is coming. [finishes off the tube, hops down, and tosses the tube aside]
PRODUCER: We need an idea for a movie that's a home run. A feel good romp for the whole family. [notices something and points] Hey, what's that over there? [Mitch looks over his shoulder. The camera looks at Butters and AWESOM-O attracting a crowd]
BUTTERS: Well he can do anything. Watch this Hey, AWESOM-O, who's gonna win the Super Bowl next year?
PRODUCER: Watch this AWESOM-O, given the current trends of the movie-going public can you come up with an idea for a movie that will break a hundred million box office?
CARTMAN: Um... okay. How about this [the staffers take pen to paper and anticipate the ideas] Adam Sandler is like, in love with some girl, but then it turns out that the girl is actually a... golden retriever, or something.
CARTMAN: Okay how about this Adam Sandler... inherits like, a billion dollars, but first, he has to, like, become a... boxer, or something.
MITCH: Punch Drunk Billionaire!
CARTMAN: You should split that money with AWESOM O. After all, they were AWESOM-O's ideas.
CARTMAN: AWESOM O needs to rest! Feeling faint.
GENERAL: The AWESOM O 4000. It is currently being used by Catamount Pictures to develop ideas for movies. Our sources say that in just one week it has come up with over one thousand movie ideas, eight hundred of which feature Adam Sandler. [the officers murmur amongst themselves]
SCIENTIST: Hold on a second If that robot is designed for entertainment, then, turning it into a weapon is unethical.
CARTMAN: Movie idea number two thousand three hundred and five Adam Sandler is trapped on an island and falls in love with a coconut.
CARTMAN: AWESOM O does not understand.
BUTTERS: AWESOM O? Well, I gotta go, Aunt Nellie. Ah, AWESOM-O is havin' some kind of malfunction. [hangs up and goes after AWESOM-O.] AWESOM-O? Hey, where'd ya go?
CARTMAN: I am the AWESOM O 4000.
BUTTERS: reaches for AWESOM O's helmet and removes it. The military is taken aback at what they see..
AS: the video plays shots are shown of the fourth graders (including Stan, Kyle, and Kenny), the kindergartners, older students, Chef, Principal Victoria, Mr. Garrison, other teachers, Butters enjoying himself immensely, the Catamount Pictures producers, the military, then of a humiliated Cartman having to suffer it all as everyone laughs.


CARTMAN: I think there's a sea lion show at 2 30.
KYLE: I'll meet up with you guys in a little bit. I I wanna hang out here some more.
KYLE: The whale's name is Willzy x, and he told us he's dying on our planet. We've come up with a plan, but we're gonna need all of your help to make it work.
KYLE: Weh well, why didn't you tell anybody?
KYLE: Shhh. Willzy x, don't say anything. We're gonna bust you out of here.
KYLE: But you need to understand we have a whale here that needs to get back to his family on the moon.
FIELD: reporter One thing for certain something is certainly FISHY here at the Sea Park. Tom?
BRIAN: and Mike arrive in South Park in a truck with a tank trailer.
MASA: Mexicana Aeronáuti'co y Spacia Administración. Within the chain link fence, there are a few buildings, along with abandoned appliances, oil barrels and a gass pump and several men either standing or sitting around and relaxing. One man, Mannuel, is by the entrance and appears to be cleaning a rocket part as Stan and Craig appear.
MASA: Mexicana Aeronáuti'co y Spacia Administración. Inner complex. Along with more garbage and abandoned cars, there are three rockets lined up to be launched. The rockets are near a boat dock.
MAN: 2 O ah... Two hundred.
KYLE: Willzy x, I think we're here.


YEU: bluuuch.
ALRIGHT: y then.
IS: she like uh - Vanessa Williams beautiful or uh Toni Braxton beautiful? Or Pamela Anderson beautiful? ...Or - is she Erin Grey in the second season of Buck Rogers beautiful?
STARK'S: Pond she comes up behind him and says, "Hi, Stan"
STARK'S: Pond she asks him to come with her (to get Cartman)
CAFETERIA: she hands him a note (an invitation to Stark's Pond)
CEMETERY: amid a field of dead zombies, she puckers up
CLASSROOM: she hands him a daisy (he throws up with every step she takes)
FOOTBALL: practice she cheers him on, he throws up, she looks away for an instant, and Cartman tackles him.
CAFETERIA: he throws up as she approaches; she slips in it and falls flat on her back
PLAYGROUND: Stan and Kyle are working those hobby elephants furiously when Wendy and Bebe approach (he threw up on her thrice a time)
WOODS: Stan and Wendy pucker up to kiss (after they got Ike back)
I: just uuuh I stopped by 'cause little Kyle forgot his laundry detergent on the playground.
PICK: you up in my caa-a-aaaa-aa-aa-aa aaar (No substitute)
WHERE: eh, where am I?
AH: I feel kinda nauseous.
AAUUGH: huh.
NUH: uh!
IH-IH-IH: in in other words, children, she's not a member of the...heterosexual persuasion.
HUD-THAT-THAT'S: okay. Uhd uh, look. All you need to know is, Ms. Ellen's a lesbian, and that means she only likes other lesbians.
MR.: Garrison takes the mirror and sees a reflection of himself as David Hasselhoff. He will look this way from now on.
AND: I got these killer Birken stocks.
I'M: - very glad we can have dinner together, Stanley. I want you to know that I really care about your education.
WHOA-HEY-WAY-WAIT: aaah.
AND: - ahem I want to apologize to everybody. The way I acted was wrong,
HERE: is a black-and white photo of Ms. Ellen with our leader. [Shows photo.] Her real name is Makesh Alak Makarakesh.
EVERYTHING'S: going to be o kay!
WO-HOO: hoo! Great party, Wendy!
U: huh. Excuse me.
IT'S: time to whip out the eclipse shoe box thing!
BYE: bye, Ms. Ellen.


RANDY: So wha so what'd you do? D'you dance back?
DR.: Doctor We just got the X rays back. [walks to a backlit board and points out the injuries] He mostly got served here [a rib] and here [forearm]. But the worst serving was here in the pelvis region. The road to recovery will be a long one.
STAN: Hey guys. You guys know how to dance, right?
HENRIETTA: Yeah. I'm not conforming to some dance off regulations.
PETE: Yeah. We just got Goth served.
STAN: It's a dance off. We heard you were tap dancing state champion two years ago. [his smile vanishes as he begins to think back, then a small grimace appears.]
I'M: on the East side crew and I'm better than you.
MERCEDES: He was practicing the six eight count and slipped on the floor.


GUNSMITH: Now some of you might wanna meet Abigail at the candle makin' house. Or you can head over to the general store. [Kenny, Craig, and the two girls leave. Cartman and Butters head for the holes in the wall]
PIONEER: Paul What's a si rene? We ain't never heard of no sirene in 1864. [the sound of screeching tires is next, and everyone heads to the windows to find out. A big black SUV pulls into the village and seven people pour out of it. One of them is injured]
BUTTERS: Th that's it, Eric. We have to be getting back!
ORLICH: One more thing Franz I want my share of the take now.
BUTTERS: I am so disappointed in myself. Teacher gave me a res responsibility, and I was just supposed to look after my partner, and I blew it!
FRANZ: Wha what are you doing?
PIONEER: Paul Y-y yeah, I understand that.
CARTMAN: Oh I just don't know what I liked better the historical buildings and archifacts or the, or the uhhhm.
BUTTERS: uh.
PA: System Howdy partners. It's 5 00. Pioneer Village is now closed for the day. [Murphy and Paul let go of each other and stand up smiling] Head back to your wagons and have a safe trip home.


CARTMAN: It's the right address wait! Look there! [the teacher prepares the dining-room table] There's Mrs. Streibel! This is the place. [loosens the drawstring on his back and lets the sides fall away. In the dining room, a boy and girl arrive and sit at table]
CARTMAN: Kyle it's very simple we followed Ally Sheedy out to her car, but on the way we were accosted by five Scientologists who wanted to give us all personality tests, which were administered at the Scientology Center in Denver until 10:45, at which time we accidentally boarded the wrong bus home and ended up in Rancho de Burritos Rojos, south of Castle Rock, and finally got a ride home with a man who was missing his left index finger, named Gary Bushwell, arriving home at 11:46, you got it??
WARDEN: Just remember he'd toilet-paper you in a second if he had the chance. [finally opens the door] He's the last cell on your left. [Barbrady enters and finds himself in an old part of the Hall. He walks past the prisoners and arrives at Josh's cell. It is a brick cell with a thick glass wall where prison bars would normally be. Holes in the glass allow for conversation. Josh has paintings of toilet paper around the cell.]
OFFICER_BARBRADY: I was hoping you could help me solve a toilet papering case?
JOSH: Single sheet?
JOSH: Why does one toilet paper houses
KYLE: You con fessed?


WE'LL: ro-sham bo for it!
CAN: I help ey, you're that movie critic - guy on TV.
NA: ah! She's being a total b****!
I'M: trying to get my tri wait a minute, I'm not talking to you. Ike, will you tell Kyle that I was trying to get my triangle back?
MEGA: Streisand? Oh, man, I don't know what the hell that means, but it doesn't sound good.
AT: a small piss-ant white bread mountain town in Colorado called South Park.
EEEEH: I don't know, man. Maybe Barbra Streisand doesn't have a place up here after all.
WHO-O: oa! What's the matter, Leonard Maltin?
SH: She has the boys! The, they're in trouble!
BAR: bura, Bar-bura...
BAR: bura, Bar-bura...
I: can't - break these locks!
BAR: bura, Bar-bura, sugoi na b***** da.
BAR: bura, Bar-bura!
KENNY: dies strangled by the tether ball.
WE: have to say good bye... to South Park.
CAN: I have my walkie talkie back now, please?
EH.: Aaah ah! Aaah!
GOOD: bye, Robert Smith!


CARTMAN: Ye heah!
CARTMAN: Yeh no, no, wait, wait. I got a better idea you guys. What we should do is we should secretly go around and tell all the students we can to not check any of the mascots on this election sheet, and instead write in "Turd Sandwich."
CARTMAN: [notices, then runs to Butters and pulls him towards the other boys] ...Wait, wait, what about Butters?
MUSIC: video. Stan is running down the street. An open roof car pops up behind him and bears down on him.
CARTMAN: and Butters begin door-to door campaigning. Cartman knocks on a door and Clyde answers.
BUTTERS: Whe where as Giant Douche is just, well, ju-just a, ju-ju-just a giant douche.
STAN: B-bani banishment?
STAN: you're all joking, right?
OSTRICH: baby Kill me...
SP: Public Access Presents Debate 2004.
JIM: Lehrer Welcome to the cable access televised debate between a giant douche [screen left] and a turd sandwich [screen right] We'll start with Giant Douche. Sir, some students and parents are reluctant to have a... giant douche represent them. What do you say to those people?
TURD: Sandwich I I'm sorry, Jim.
OSTRICH: baby Kill me! Kill meee!! [Dr. Cornwallis is out of his tent and munching on the head of a dead man]


CARTMAN: Nothin' Na- Due nothing. [moments later Stan sneezes, and a large amount of snot ends up on his face and jacket]
SHEILA: No matter how much money the anti smoking groups spend, the tobacco companies are there to fill our children's heads with lies and propaganda that make them wanna smoke.
SHEILA: We need the help of the greatest anti smoking celebrity that ever lived. Rob Reiner.
IT: makes me fee l calmer when the day is at an end. [hops onto the wheelbarrow and rides away]
CARTMAN: The anti smoking people! They had me say I died from second-hand smoke and... now they want to sacrifice me to make it look real! They'll stop at nothing!!
STAN: Anti smoking people are trying to kill Cartman and he won't stay away from us!
RANDY: Wha what the hell is wrong with you? That's not right.
ROB: Reiner Damnit There'll be no more smoking!!


BUTTERS: Lu lu lu I've got some splish-splash. Lu lu lu splish splashin' more... Lu lu lu-
STAN: wanders through town but stops to remember something he's in the movie theater watching a movie and eating popcorn
STAN: Indiana Jones All right The screen is shown Indy is at the foot of a long set of stairs]
CARTMAN: Stay stay back! Nobody moves, you got that?! [moves into the main area of the restaurant] Don't... touch us! We know what the Chinese are up to! We saw the Olympic Opening Ceremonies! [a couple stops eating] The gig is up! Everyone just s-step over to that wall! [points to his right] I mean it! Butters, hold this gun on them. [pulls a gun from a pocket and hands it to Butters]
STAN: Wh why?
INDY: We eee!
BUTTERS: They uh tr tried to come in through the roof! They were gonna take the gun.
JIMMY: Do you think things can ever go back to n-n n, n-no, normal after this?


CARTMAN: The hall monit me?
IKE: Spider Man! I'm safe, Mom.
IKE: Weohhh part ten. Mom my I love you I love you.
CARTMAN: Hang on a second making out in the hallways is strictly against school policy!
NEWS: 4 Newsbreak A reporter in front of the South Park Courthouse


MR.: Mackey Attention South Park Students will the following students report to the Principal's office immediately? Eric Cartman? Thank you.
CARTMAN: Puh I know, dude. Pete Melman crapped his pants. So freakin' funny! [slaps the table and laughs]
CARTMAN: You're asking me to simply ignore a kid who excuse my language but I have to be harsh here - a kid who shits in his pants in front of everyone - to just ignore that so he can have a normal life?!
CARTMAN: You aren't listing to anythin [checks himself] Make it worth my while how?
STAN: The hay've got a video of Pete Melman's mom showing up with fresh underwear on Eavesdropper!
CARTMAN: I was just thinking that... m-m maybe we could... eat lunch together. I've always kind of... [gulps] liked you.
CRAIG: Hey here's a post about Tolkien "Tolkien Black's Private Gym Photos." [laughs]
CRAIG: Exclusive Stan Marsh thinks Elise Thompson has a hot butt crack.
STAN: How did Eavesdropper get a hold of my e mail to you?!
STAN: Do you just leave your e mails open for everyone to read?!
STAN: That was a private e mail from me to you! [notices a pissed-off Wendy approaching] Hey, Wendy.
WENDY: So you didn't e mail anybody else about Elise Thompson's butt crack, right?! [Stan stays silent]
MR.: Adler Oh let's just face it We made our beds when we enlisted Eric Cartman's help. We have to lie in them.
FROG: King Just one question Lemmiwinks How does it feel to have killed your own brother? [Lemmiwinks just gets up and walks away] Le-Lemmiwinks? [no answer] He's devastated.


JI: Jimmay?
AND: so that's how to make banana nut muffins. And now, as a very special treat, our very special friend Jimmy is going to do what he loves most: Motivational standup comedy. [Jimmy walks into view] Let's give him a big hand. [applause]
JIM: my! Jim-my! Jim-my! Jim-my
BUT: I've been in Scouts since I was nine it's a... huge part of my life.
PU: put it on!!
JIMMY: recoups and delivers a back handed blow to Timmy with his right crutch, then measures Timmy and swings the crutch back and launches Timmy out of his chair. Timmy quickly scrambles back to his chair, but Jimmy whacks him away again. Camera movements get more dynamic. Timmy rolls over and Jimmy walks up to him and offers his left hand
LAH: livin' a lie!
IN: the case of Big Gay Al versus Mountain Scouts of America due to the overwhelming show of support, it is the ruling of this court that the Scouts must allow Big Gay Al and all gays into their club!
TIM: mih.


CHING: ching cha ching.
THEY'RE: not gonna show that stupid ass Godzilla movie again, are they?
SHE'LL: be the death of him Kyle. Mark my words she'll be the death of him.
AT: the Bijou South Park's movie theater. Now playing Witness To Denial. Stan sits in the front row with Wendy.
THEY: switch places. The girlfriend's left side appears in close up.
WAITWAITWAIT.: Zoom in to a close up of my face when I do that. Ready? Then NOBODY will!
IF: you ever need a quick pick-me up,
HOWDY: ho, boys.
WHAT: a great story it has everything!
DOES: it uh have to be a talking piece of poo?
IT: could be a crime fighting rabbit. Or a lovable turtle.
I: want you to do a big money deal with me.
MM-WE: hell, I can see that you're the real brains of the group. You don't really need those guys, do you?
YE: ah, screw those guys. I don't even like them.
HM: that's great, kid. Let's make a deal.
THEY: look up to see "Tom Hanks in Me & Mr. Hankey".
KYLE.: Be-fore I go there's something I must tell you. Come clo ser.
CLO: ser.
THERE: is a-nother Sky-walk er.
COME: clo ser.
CLO: ser.
OVER: at the Bijou now showing "BOW DOWN TO HOLLYWOOD, SOUTH PARK" A Film by TOM M. POONER. But inside, it's "A Bunch Of Gay Cowboys Eating Pudding", in color. Stan reaches for Wendy's hand. She notices, then looks at him. He pulls his hand back and looks at the screen.
HOWDY: ho.
MY: Salty Chocolate Balls must have re juvenated him!
SELLING: T shirts kicks ass!
HOOOOOOWWWDY: ho!
HOWDY: ho, folks. I'm afraid my buddy Kyle was right. There's not enough room in South Park to accommodate a festival.


WINDERMERE: Florida Thanksgiving night 2009 2 15 am. There's fighting inside a mansion as a couple screams at each other
ELIN: Then why-a the fuck are you getting a text a message from some-a low-life-a hooker on Thanksgiving?!
ELIN: Listen to this a! [runs up to him and whacks him across the face as he turns to face her, leaving a bleeding gash across his right cheek]
ELIN: Oh where the fuck do ya think a you're going?!
CENTER: for Disease Control and Prevention - the CDC day. A table full of experts and doctors is assembled on the top floor
EXPERT: 9 Our nice-lady-with-the handkerchief test is extremely comprehensive and thorough. I'm sorry, but you're simply too dangerous to have around normal, well-adjusted students.
CHAIRMAN: answers which we all desire. [next scene is the McCormick living room] Whatever is causing this outbreak, we guarantee we will find it! [Mrs. McCormick comes out with a pizza]
ELIN: How many women did you fuck a?! How many?!
ANNOUNCER: Pre-nup power up. [a pre-nuptial agreement appears onscreen and then flies off. Elin swings and Tiger a few more times and he's on the grass on his back]
CHAIRMAN: A mazing. Then the wizard alien spell might not have any power over him! He could draw the bastard out!


PREVIOUSLY: on South Park an air of sobriety fills the laboratory as the men of South Park gather to find out which one of them fathered this boy.
OOOH: hey, Kenny.
DON'T: let him bleed on my Meredith Baxter Birney memorial towel.
WHAT'S: a Meredith Baxter Birney memorial towel?
I: actually was with Meredith Baxter Birney in this very car. And afterwards we used that towel to... [Mad at himself.] Wait a minute. Why am I telling you this?
EH: -
SURE.: This story has everything. People. Furniture. Talking ih it's a real American story.
CARTMAN.: Yesuh it's such a hard decision, but I just don't feel I can raise a child in this screwy world.
WUH...: But we prefer to abort babies a little ...earlier on; in fact, there's a law against abortions after the second trimester.
WE'RE: an equal opportunity employer here, son.
NO: No, I think youah gotta talk to the governor about that stuff.
WHOA.: Talk about "all washed up", huh? Great to have you, Eric!
HE'S: on full life support and breathing fine. He shouldn't need any help - so long as the power doesn't go out.
VOICE: over
GOOD: evening and welcome to America's Most Wanted. Tonight terror invaded the small mountain community of South Park, Colorado, when Dr. Alphonse Mephesto [His picture appears.] was gunned down in his laboratory. America's Most Wanted has reconstructed this heinous crime [The South Park Genetic Engineering Ranch is seen.] in hopes that your calls could help solve the case.
WHAT: the- ? Bu-eh. Eric Roberts is improvising lines again!
UUUHM...: We we seem to have lost our linkup to the South Park crew, sso I guess we'll be going to our featured movie, Who Framed Roger Rabbit.
LADY: m? Is Mephesto gonna be okay?
NOW: wait a minute. We all had a big breakfast can't you people go without eating for a little while?
WE: must split up into two teams Team A, and Team B. Team A will consist of myself, Stan, Kyle, Eric, Chef, and Nurse Goodly. Team B will consist of Kenny.
THERE'S: only one answer eat Eric Roberts. [He's shown squatting on the floor.]
YEAH.: And now he's a freezy pop.
BUT: hhhow will we live with ourselves now?
MM: one day at a time, Mayor. Mm-one day at a time.


MITCH: W we're not sure what exactly is going on inside the town of Beaverton, uh Tom, but we're reporting that there's looting, raping, and yes, even acts of cannibalism.
STAN: Ye but, uh, s-somebody's gonna help the people off their, their rooftops, right?
STAN: No Dad listen I need to tell you something.
SCIENTIST: E excuse me, General?


CARTMAN: Yeh heah, right!
JIMMY: For- Forw- Forw-w w what?
JIMMY: -cont- You're a cont tinuing source of inspiration to him. [his mission done, he returns to Stan]
JIMMY: She just- w walked away, Stan. You're gonna have to face facts. It's over. [hangs his head for emphasis, then walks off]
JIMMY: Should I try telling him a fa fantastic joke?
BUTTERS: I I just could I just couldn't stop thinking about you.
BUTTERS: O kay!
MICHAEL: If you wanna be one of the non conformists, all you have to do is dress just like us and listen to the same music we do.
HENRIETTA'S: mom Ee you are so creative, honey.
BUTTERS: okay. Uh, hey, Lexus, well, there's something I've been meaning to say. [Lexus has hung up and is walking away with her pitcher] Here it goes: Lexus, I- Oh jeeze, maybe I shouldn't say it- no wait, I want to say it. I love you. [hangs up quickly and nervously] Heeheee, heh, Oh my God.
STEPHEN: O hoo no Butters! You got an advance 2 days ago. [Linda is dusting off the family portrait by the front door.]
PETE: You can't be a non conformist if you don't drink coffee. [Stan picks up his mug and drinks. Kyle enters the restaurant and approaches Stan's booth]
PETE: I'm not gonna live in a Third World country with all the conformists.
RUN: down part of town, night. The conditions surrounding Stan's presence there a week ago are present again, and Butters sobs at the same spot Stan did, at the curb under a working street light. Some shadows move in on him and stop when they cover most of his head
BUTTERS: Wuh ell yeah, and I'm sad, but at the same time I'm really happy that somethin' could make me feel that sad. It's like, [sobs] it makes me feel alive, you know? It makes me feel human. [Stan blinks, clearly affected by the speech] And the only way I could feel this sad now is if I felt somethin' really good before. So, I have to take the bad with the good, so I guess what I'm feelin' is like a beautiful sadness. I guess that sounds stupid...


GERALD: A Aspen? Uuuh, we, we can't really afford that.
CARTMAN: Shh shh, here he comes.
BUTTERS: Ah hey, this is gonna be just like eatin' at Shakey's, huh fellas?
GERALD: I I'm sorry, but none of us can really afford to own our own vacation condo.
GERALD: Well your ad said we only had to attend a thirty minute meeting.
TAD: I've been skiing for twenty two years. Think you could beat me?
STEPHEN: O all right!
KYLE: ...french fries...pizza...pizza...pizza french fries...[loses control and jerks forward, then flips over and lands next to Ike, who's half-buried in the snow. Kyle looks over and gets up quickly. He dusts himself off as Stan catches up] I wonder where our parents are.
BUTTERS: U-u uh, Stan, yo-you gave it your best shot, and that all Jesus asks of you.
BUTTERS: Uh you're not really gonna go down that K 13 run, are ya, Stan?
STAN: I know I know I , ugh. Look I can't explain it but I have to do this. I'm not gonna die. I mean, how bad can the K-13 be?
PHIL: Heh ey, you can leave anytime you want. Of course, that is, if you don't want the super-secret fun prize for attending the slide show.
THUMPER: K 13?! But you're just a beginner! You ski outta your league, you're gonna have a bad time.
RANDY: All the ad said was that we had to attend a thirty minute meeting, right, and- and it's been a day and a half! These guys won't let us leave!
GERALD: The police work for time share, too? [the police draw their guns and aim at the parents]
K: 13 peak. Tad and Stan are ready to ski.


MR.: Mackey Don't you call us un American! This country was founded on the right to protest! M'kay?
CARTMAN: Maaaa. M maaaa.
JIMBO: You just keep all your flag burnin' and your hippie rock protest songs on YOUR side of the town!
JIMBO: W hell, naturally you could cross the line for that. Just like ...we could cross the line for hardware, supplies, gas, and pharmaceutical needs.
STUART: Kenny. What are you doing over here with all these un American traitors?!
RANDY: Nobody wants to here another pro war country song!
RANDY: Well I'm a little bit rock-n-roll AH!
CONGRESSMAN: 1 England will only understand one thing Force.
PROTESTERS: Rock-n roll!
CONGRESSMAN: 2 Think of it an entire nation founded on saying one thing and doing another.
TOWNSMAN: The the child! The child, from the hospital.
STUART: Eh ah, I guess we owe you one.
RANDY: And I'm a little bit rock-n-roll AH!
KYLE: I hate this town. I I really really do.


ANNOUNCER: 2 Previously on Terrance Phillip Terrance farted on the American president, but Phillip took the heat. [A shot of Terrance farting on Barack Obama, who appears Canadian onscreen. The boys have a good laugh]
KATHERINE: Well Reeg it's like this we think that queefing is a perfectly normal female bodily function. Why not have fun with it? [rips out a new queef and laughs. The audience applauds and cheers]
SHARON: Ex cuse me.
RANDY: Th that's not the same! We've got the Chinese Firecracker! [moves the mic to his ass and lets out a sputtering fart that sounds like a Chinese firecracker]
AH-AAAAAAAH: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, queef free.
BISHOP: Therefore what God has joined together let no man [Terrance jumps up and farts on him. Phillip laughs. Katie jumps up and queefs on Terrance]


WHA: what? Another gay guy in feathers? [the quints pile on to make an X, then roll off and reposition themselves into a circle]
M: Mrs. Vladchick? [the men enter and find the open window and no one at all]
YES.: We missed our train. If we could shelter here; it would only be for one night.
HELLO: and welcome to "Singing like Bocelli for Dummies." Lesson 1: Yaaayayeha!
LESSON: 2 Hehyayaya hehyayaya!
GOOD: And now we'll do the entire piece, "Con te partirò" [music begins to play]
AND: now lesson 4 the complete works of Mozart. Let's begin.
WHAT'S: a "quin tuplet"?
NO: wonder she didn't say good night.
DOWN: on the floor. Get down on the damned floor! [more officers stream in as Sharon drops down to the floor and assumes the fetal position]
I: don't know. I usually like to stop protesting by 5 30.
AAA-A-A-AAA: ah.


JIMMY: Aw J-j-j-j...j Jesus!
JIMMY: Dz-n Doctor Pal?
RYAN: A all right, come on, honey. [they rise and leave the living room]
JIMMY: Ke...c come again?
JIMMY: N no, I do NOT want to take off my shirt and kiss!
CARTMAN: I told a date and then Italian food. And then you gotta make her think you're a good listener.
SHAUNA: It's like I told Debbie "If you're gonna go out with my friends-"
JIMMY: I just c can't risk getting up in front of everyone.
VOICE: over Colfax Point. Pimps and hos and tricks in rows. Women walk the street with corns on their feets. Broken dreams and no ice creams.
JIMMY: I have a raging hard on that just won't quit, and the talent show has already started.
JIMMY: Sure. I know the p perfect place.
JIMMY: This is authentic Italian food straight from S Sicily. You should try the Lotsa Mozzarella Pizza Roll.
JIMMY: Son of a ...b bitch! [a taxicab rolls by, and Jimmy hails it] Taxi! [the cab stops, and Jimmy gets in] Follow that pimp and ho! [the driver does as told and peels away]
JIMMY: I'll tell you one thing their food hasn't been getting along with my stomach for years.


MOM: it's 3 30. This is taking up my whole Saturday.
"TO: my loving son Stinky I leave you the house in Nebraska. Look after it as your father and I did."
"TO: my grandson Eric You are always my favorite fat little man, my perfect round little pudding-piler."
MM: me neither.
NN: oh. Well then, I guess I don't feel bad. [signs the papers]
...ALRIGHT: so listen All I want you to do is keep anybody out who tries to get in here. If you see anybody on my propertih, especially Stan and Kyle, you are to shoot on sight!
AH-AH-AH: I'm afraid Kyle can't ride any amusement park rides for over a year because of his horrible hemorrhoid.
WE'RE: waitin' in line for the ah spook house.
OH...: Oohh Ohuhughughhh... [passes out. A flatline appears on the heart monitor]
HE: hey, that's my money!
YE: You can't take my money, Goddamnit!


ESKIMO: kisses for Mom my!
YE: ha.
BUT: I'm still in high school. I told I'm a very immature 22-year old.
WHAT: the ?
O: kay! Let's see heuh. Haha! Um... Aw, dammit! [he turns away defeated, and she gives him another wedgie over the head] AAAAH! [she pulls him downstairs by his underpants and enters the living room. Cartman groans at every step he hits]
O: kay, why don't you sing it for us?
LLAMA: judgin finger lovin' turds. TURDS!
NO: no no that's impossible hon. I told her no visitors.
WHA: ?
WEH: hull, I could ask Artemus Clyde Frog. He would know.
HELLO: o? Hello-o, Mrs. Hayek?
WELL...: mm Rumpertumskin.


MINT: Berry Crunch Mint Berry Crrrunch! [twirls around]
BLONDE: Girl Do you know Mint Berry Crunch? What's he like? [Coon glares at her and then punches her out of her seat. He then pounces on her and begins to beat her up. A man comes to pull Coon off the girl, and she gets to punch him back. In comic book form, the man says "That's it, Coon!" while others cheer, "GO COON!"]
MINT-BERRY: Crunch Mint Berry Crrunch!
MINT-BERRY: Crunch P-p please sir, w-we don't know what you mean.
MINT: Berry Crunch [the first up the stairs] Wuh uh okay, if you insist. Uh see ya, Kenny.
CAPTAIN: Hindsight Wha ? What is your power?
HUMAN: Kite Here we go "The Necronomicon contains an account of the Old Ones, their history, and the means for summoning them."
MINT: Berry Crunch Aha! That's the cult the creepy man talked about, heroes. Uh, you okay, Mysterion?
MINT: Berry Crunch Mysterion is sooo... mysterious.
MINT: Berry Crunch [behind the cult members] Mint-Berry Crrrunch!
MINT-BERRY: Crunch Mint Berry Crunch! [Kenny sighs]


DRIVER: Aww get in. [Yates gets in and the car takes off]
DRIVER: Ok okay. [grabs his wallet, pulls out a twenty, and hands it to Yates]
AT: the newly christened Butters Kissing Co, Ltd. in his bedroom. Butters and Sally are at his desk. Butters is researching what it is to be a pimp.
BUTTERS: Really glad you joined the company Annie Now remember you're chargin' five dollars for a kiss, two for a hug, and six for half and half. Alright bitch? Alright, how about a freebie? [she gives him a freebie] Ohwoah, [twirls around] whoopie! [walks away, leaving Annie at her new post. As he re-enters the playground, Kyle meets him]
YATES: Ye yes, Daddy, I'm on my way.
BUTTERS: Oh. Well we operate on a sixty forty split here. Bitches have access to Medicare and now, low-income housing loans.
KESHAWN: I wanted to get you something extra special.


STAN: My Dad's in a rabbit worshiping cult called the Hare Club For Men they protect the secret of Easter but before they said what it was they were attacked by ninjas and put me in charge of Snowball.
BILL: You are soft Weak You leave me no choice take them! [two ninjas apprehend Jesus]
REPORTER: A strange turn of events here at the Vatican Pope Benedictus has stepped down, ushering the new era of... Pope Bill Donohue
KYLE: N no way! Do it yourself.


MR.: Mackey Wu we've got the TV working! [the picture comes into focus]
AL: Zawahri [translated] We are so super pissed off at 'Family Guy'. 'Family Guy' isn't even that funny of a show. A jihad on 'Family Guy', and the 'Family Guy' nation!
MRS.: Garrison Welcome to Muslim Sensitivity Training. It is important for us to understand why the Muslim feel the way they do, and why we can never show an image of Mohammad.
MRS.: Garrison Let's all look at why Muslims are upset [turns and picks up a stick of chalk] First of all, in the Muslim religion, you're not allowed to have what? [no response] Sex. Good. [writes "NO SEX" on the board] There's no sex until marriage in the Muslim world. [faces the class] Now, this would be fine except that in the Muslim religion you also can't... Anybody? [no response] Jack off. [writes "NO JACKING OFF" on the board] Okay, jacking it is strictly forbidden in the Muslim religion. [faces the class] And what do we know about the places Muslims live? They live in? [no response] Good, sand. [writes "SAND" on the board] Now put yourself in the shoes of a Muslim. It's Friday night, but you can't have sex, and you can't jack off. There's sand in your eyes and probably in the crack of your ass, and then some cartoon comes along from a country where people are getting laid, and mocks your prophet. Well you know what? I'd be pretty pissed off too!
MR.: Mackey Attention students Proceed to the school gymnasium immediately for an emergency announcement!
SNN: special report. A graphic about "FOX CENSORED" is over the reporter's left shoulder
MRS.: Garrison Why would they ?
AL: Zawahri [translated] Seriously, 'Family Guy' isn't even that well written. The jokes are all interchangeable and usually irrelevant to the plot. When this episode airs-our retaliation will be MASSIVE!!!!
CARTMAN: Because they made f fun of Muslims, and and that's wrong.
ANNOUNCER: Next week on South Park The race continues. Cartman reaches the Family Guy Studio and learns the shocking secret behind the Family Guy writing staff.


AL: Zawahri [translated text reads] "Family Guy" better not show Mohammad tonight. I'm serious. "Family Guy" isn't funny.
EXECUTIVE: Twenty five minutes.
KYLE: Listen to me the little boy who convinced you to pull the episode is a bastard child. He only wants you to pull it because he knows it will be the end of Family Guy forever!
PETER: Or the time I [click. SNN shows up onscreen]
AL: Zawahri [translated] We warned you not to show Mohammad- But "Family Guy" did it anyways. So now, here is our retaliation on America!!!
AL: Zawahri Oh yeah, take THAT! We burned you! THAT WAS WAY FUNNIER THAN FAMILY GUY.


HERE'S: a show within a show an episode of COPS shown in real time along with South Park.
FOR: get.
E: yes, what is it?
STAN: struggles to see what Garrison is writing Oprah Winfrey has huge knockers.
AHHH...: O... O -
MR.: Garrison turns around and writes something more on the board The hat is red.
PET: ting. Petting zoo. He loved to go to the petting zoo! Boys, we're off!
AND: uhh who's, who's in here with you?
ALL: units. All units. We have a 5 20 on the suspect. Report to the South Park petting zoo immediately!
CAUGHT: you red handed!


O: hoho! [more crowd reaction]
HIS: a miracles?
NO: oo.
HA: I'm not Kyle, I'm Butters. I thought you were Kyle.
OH-: oh yeah. Goddamnnit, hold on a second. [pulls out his hat and puts it on] Okay. Now look, dude, I'm getting out of here, and you're a dumbass if you don't come with me!
BUT...: we want tax exempt status.
BE: cause! Mr. Blaine has arranged for all Blaintologists members from every city and state to march into Washington and demand our right for tax-exempt status by committing a mass suicide!
THAT: co ugh. [drops to a whisper] That could be difficult, Brother Kyle. But alright, listen: Why don't we sleep on it? If we decide to leave the faction, we can... do it in the morning.
I: told on yoo-ou. I told on yoo ou.
IF: he gets tax exempt status, then he'll become a real religion.
SEA: Man!
SEA: Man! [lands on the ocean bottom] Look, Swallow, we should be able to divert the water with that pipe.


BAAHIR: Sure okay. 12 02:32 pops up on screen and ticks the seconds away.]
CARTMAN: Their Web site should have a calendar of events is there anything big going on in town today?!
MR.: Thompson I will have you arrested for !
CARTMAN: LALALA I can't hear you! Only the President! LALALALALALA!
12: 17:56. Time keeps on ticking, ticking, ticking... Kyle is still at home, Cartman roams the rally.
KYLE: Yeah. I cross referenced his MySpace page with realtor.com. His parents moved into that green house on Janice Street.
OTIS: We have the bomb sniffing pig going through the crowd. If there is a bomb, the pig will find it. [the third aide has the pig on a leash, letting it roam as it will]
12: 28:38 and counting. Four images come up: Hillary on the gurney, Kyle at his computer, Butters and Baahir playing checkers in Butters' living room, and the CIA landing in South Park
KYLE: No. I cross referenced his YouTube profile with MySpace, and according to his blog, he's an old-school Communist. So what's he doing at every Clinton rally?
STAN: Do a WebCrawler search maybe he has podcasts up somewhere.
MR.: Hakeem Wuh what detonator are you ta-
MRS.: Hakeem We told we don't know.
12: 43:57 and counting.
12: 47:18 and Hillary is back on stirrups (upper left picture). 12:47:19 and Kyle is back at his computer (upper right picture). 12:47:20 and Cartman is shown struggling in his seat (lower right picture). 12:47:21 and the British fleet is shown (lower left picture).
KYLE: The that's not the right way to look at it, I-
CARTMAN: But that's all I'm saying today, bigotry and racism saved the day. Baahir, you get this, right? [Baahir's parents approach, looking around at all the activity in front of their house]


DEAR: Mr. Castro My name is Kyle. [thinks] I am an eight-year-old American boy who lives in South Park.
NO: but you've gotta cry like this [starts a fake sob, rubs his eyes] "My parents molestered me." [stops the fake cry] And then they'll say something like, "Was it a good touch or a bad touch?" and you say [rolls his eyes as he thinks] "Uh, it was a good touch" or- no wait, [points] you say it was a bad touch.
SOMETHING: about a swimsuit I don't remember, but you definitely answer "bad touch."
PHONE: here doesn't work. Haa I'm afraid the only phone that does work... is over in Treasure Cove.
SPITWADS: the launchers are seen the sixth graders, Pip, Clyde, and Craig, with their straws.]
NA-A: ah! [older kids in costume enter the park and line up behind the kindergartners]
AH-AH-AH-AH: let me get this straight if I go get the fat kid's book on the other side of the white line, you'll show me where a cell phone is?
RRRMM: mmrrhh!
OO: what the heck are you talkin' about?


CARTMAN: Some extra crispy thighs, extra crispy?
KYLE: Because he's a fat racist self centered intolerant manipulating sociopath!
CARTMAN: Guys Guys the two teams are seen On screen left are Jimmy, Tolkien, Stan, Kyle, and Kenny. On screen right are Timmy, Craig, Clyde, Kevin, and the blond boy. The teams toss the football at each other] Can anybody hear me? You guys?? [approaches Tolkien] Tolkien, Tolkien, I'm here! [leaves] Hello! Hello! Hello! [approaches Clyde] Clyde, can't you feel me? [moves him around, but no reaction from Clyde] Feel me, Clyde! [moves on to Jimmy] Jimmy! Jimmy, it's me, Eric! [blows on Jimmy] Jimmy! [puff] Can't you feel your hair move?! That's me! [turns away] They don't even know yet, that one of their best friends is dead. [begins to tear up] Dead and... still wandering the earth a lost soul.
BUTTERS: But if you're d dead, how come I can see you?
BUTTERS: Huh s-s-super AIDS?
BUTTERS: Nuh nothing to be scared of. Jus, just some lightning and thunder. [closes his eyes, but a thunderclap opens his eyes wide] Gah! Wasn't nothin' neither. J-just a mouse. [he looks out the window again. Cartman is seen standing by the bedroom door]
BUTTERS: AH [quickly muffles his mouth so his parents don't hear]
CARTMAN: Now look I thnk the reason my soul is still here is because I need closure with all my friends and loved ones. I can say my final goodbyes to them through you.
BUTTERS: Helll Uh all right. All right, I'll help you!
BUTTERS: I-I it wasn't me! Ih it was the ghost!
JIMMY: Yeah. S see ya, Eric. [Butters looks down]


ANNOUNCER: And now for your feature presentation the classic RE-RE-RE-RELEASE of Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back.
SKEETER: Eh Excuse me?
CARTMAN: Just now [quickly, counting off with his left hand] 1 2 3 dibs! [punches his right palm with his left fist]
TWEEK: Ga ahah!
TED: Koppel Just answer me this Tweek What do you see as "positive" about toddler murder?
TWEEK: Ahah. U uh. It's easy?
STAN: look, if the Beatles went back and updated their White Album every few years, what would we have now?
STEVEN: Spielberg You little brat ! Ah, I mean, you darling children don't know what you're talking about. Changing E.T. was the best thing I ever did.
CARTMAN: He... killed... twenty-three babies in self defense?
GEORGE: Lucas M that's different. These are my movies. I made them, and I have the right to do whatever I want with them.
STEVEN: Spielberg You haven't let these doe eyed children affect your judgment, have you, George?! [voice lowers] Don't forget: you belong to me.
GUARD: 2 The one with the cocaine problem escaped, mein Direktor.
TWEEK: Except for Cartman you can keep him.
HAT: McCullough Thank you everyone KILL! KILL THE INNOCENT!! Uh, I'm so thankful for all your support-RAPE THE VIRGINS!! And uh, I just wonder if i could get a baby real quick? [grins in a creepy way. The crowd falls silent for a moment]


MOM: It's a neurological disorder. He he can't control what he says.
THOMAS: All right Mom Bitch! Ass bitch!
MAN: 1 Yeah Cartman blinks - CHING He begins to think "I've got a golden ticket... I've got a golden"]
CARTMAN: Puh pussy!
KYLE: Who cares about saying whatever ?
MR.: Donaldson Hello Mrs. Garrison [turns his head to the left] Ass. ASS. [recovers] I want to help your class better understand this illness. [turns his head to the left] Piss!
KYLE: L look, I was just suggesting that maybe this one person could control what he said, but just didn't, for fun.
THOMAS: Yee you wanna know about fun? Going to public places knowing you're going to make a fool of yourself. Embarrass your parents [turns his head to the right] Aw shit! [recovers] My dad... finally couldn't take it anymore. He... divorced my mom, s-said he'd still be around, but I only see him at Christmastime now. S-sh-shit! S-sh-shit! The worst part is I know how lonely my mom is. A lot of times I know she'd be better off if I was dead.
CARTMAN: Thank you. Big nosed kike! [Sheila laughs nervously]
ANNOUNCER: Next week on Dateline NBC it's a Dateline special report.
ANNOUNCER: Living with Tourette's The Eric Cartman Story. This Saturday on Dateline NBC.
CARTMAN'S: room. Cartman makes himself a drink adult-style He has two liquor bottles, a bucket of ice, and two wine glasses. Why two? Hm... He serves himself some ice. A few seconds later, Kyle enters his room and slams the door shut
CARTMAN: Uhh nuh nothing...
THOMAS: N no, it's cool. Go on inside. I made brownies. SHIT! I'm just gonna slip into something more comf'table. COCK!


TOLKIEN: damnit! [Butters joins in and their sounds flow together]
YATES: This month he was hoping to have a gold plated shark tank bar installed right next to the pool, but thanks to people downloading his music for free, he must now wait a few months before he can afford it.
CHRIST: fest, night. A stadium's parking lot is crowded with all sorts of booths selling stuff.
T-SHIRT: vendor Psalm T Shirts! Get a T-Shirt with your favorite psalm!
BIBLE: vendor Leather bound bibles. Show your faith.
SANCTIFIED: member 1 You bet your gosh darned rear end we are!
EXECUTIVE: 1 That's all we needed to know. Just, sign here and we'll get your album sold.
COMMERCIAL.: A partly cloudy sky is shown.
ANNOUNCER: K tal Records [its logo descends from the sky and drops below the screen] presents the most inspirational Christian rock band in the world! Faith + 1, [The CD cover appears] featuring the very best in good, wholesome Christian music.


BUTTERS: Mm my cousins in Florida, said kids in their school get high off of cat pee.
ANNOUNCER: Next on FOX News SPECIAL REPORT FOX NEWS] It's the newest drug craze. and it's killing your kids! ["killing your kids" appears over scenes of kids falling over]
FATHER: Now fight for the Loc Nar trophy! [the camera pans down and left to reveal a golden trophy made of two female statuettes kneeling back to back and holding their arms out. The woman places her breasts on their hands so it looks like the actual trophy is her breasts.]
GERALD: I would like to address a personal matter I have let myself down. And I would first like to apologize to my lovely wife.


DR.: Chinstrap Now listen there's a psychological reason you're all doing this, and we're gonna get to the bottom of it. We're gonna do some regression therapy. I'll be taking you deep into your memories, into your past.
STAN: Ohhhhhhh.
PINKERTON: It's very simple You see, [Dr. Chinstrap provides accompaniment once again] when the dream experts go in, they attempt to take the subject to a dream within a dream.
FIRE: Captain A double decker taco supreme.
FREDDY: Krueger Told you a long time ago I gave that up. [resumes splitting wood]


MR.: Garrison yes, apparently John Lennon's killer said he was inspired by The Catcher In The Rye, but he was just a kook! [jabs his left index finger at the floor]
RANDY: "He took a- and then " Oh, man. Oh, this- [turns to his left and barfs on the floor. Sharon turns away and shields herself]
STAN: Butters listen you are in big trouble!
STAN: damnit!
ANNOUNCER: Today on Today We meet the author of the book that has swept the nation, and has now spawned TV's most popular game show, "How Long Can You Listen To Scrotie McBoogerballs On Audiobook" [the studio audience joins in] "And Not Vomit?" [a contestant is fitted with headphones and place in a soundproof booth. The front panel is a glass door so the audience can see the contestant's reaction without getting sprayed with vomit. It only takes two seconds of listening before the contestant vomits all over the door] The book is full of disgusting words and acts, including Sarah Jessica Parker, who is mentioned four hundred and sixty-five times. [a shot of Parker and her date at the Oscars] Matthew Broderick, are you upset your wife is made fun of so much in the book?
STAN: damnit, will you people stop reading into stuff that isn't there!!


CARTMAN: Well you don't expect me to get the WiFi-only 16 gig version, do you?
GUARD: You can't agree by accident. There's a fail-safe built in. Even if you click on "Agree" another little window pops up that says "Are you sure you agree?" and you have to click on "Agree" again.
BUTTERS: Hold up. Here it is right here "by clicking Agree, you are also acknowledging that Apple may sew your mouth to the butthole of another iTunes user."
LESLIE: kay, well I'm sorry you're having trouble with that today. Could I have his Apple ID?
FROTHGAR: Yeap. A and then you should be able to do a customer check, uh huh.
FIELD: Reporter Tom it's a big exciting day for Mac Apple users the unveiling of the first HumancentiPad. As part of a clear PR stunt, Apple has joined up with Best Buy and Dr. Phil to donate the first centiPad to a needy boy who was raped by his mother.


ROGER: Wha- wha what's the matter? [Cartman continues crying]
CRAIG: uh, they're not that cool.
BUTTERS: bu but fellas, I gotta- [Cartman closes the door. Craig and his boys appear]
JIMMY: From the n-n- from the nn , from the nn-
CARTMAN: Ye yeah, a little- Butters! Get back here right now!
JIMMY: Bu- bu- bu- bu- bu- bu- bu- bu Butters!
CARTMAN: Butter Butters!


TRUE: Value Hardware and Home Improvement. Gerald begins posting citations on cars. He and his boys are wearing orange safety vests. Kyle and Ike are none too pleased about having to do this
KYLE: ...a are starting to take offense at your actions. We feel like you're starting to become-hmm... [rolls his eyes again and cues Ike]
KYLE: ...star starting to become alienated from some of your friends.
STAN: Where's the going away party?
PAUL: We noticed your hybrid out front that's a V series, right?
AS: he sings the following takes place FM 1 98.7 shows up, Randy notices his son singing, Jimbo notices his nephew singing, a stranger slumps a little in his car, Principal Victoria notices one of her students singing, other people stop to listen
PEOPLE-DRIVING: hybrid people now
HYBRID-PEOPLE: driving people now.
HYBRID-PEOPLE: driving people now
AS: he sings the following takes place Randy joins the rush of customers checking out hybrids at the dealership, Jimbo drives off in his new red hybrid and pulls up next to the Stotches, who are driving their new hybrid as well. They give each other thumbs up and gloat a bit. Another driver pulls up alongside Randy and gives him a thumbs up. Randy returns the gesture. More people check out the dealership. Mrs.Tucker (Craig's mother) pulls up alongside Jimbo
SAN: Francisco. Cartman is now in the Haight Ashbury district. People look and move on


CARTMAN: No No way. I'm not going to the hospital, Mom!
JIMMY: The Italian meatballs are fa fantastic.
WAITRESS: It's all right we got somebody better Jimmy Buffett!
KYLE: Tattle tale?! Do you know how serious this is?!
KYLE: A tattle tale?! He infected me with AIDS!
CLERK: Los Angeles. Okay uh I have a 2 00 flight. That would beee... $400 each.
KYLE: Well I've been thinking maybe there's something you've come into contact with that hinders HIV from growing. Do you mind if we just look around?
SCIENTIST: 2 Na noo, it's ridiculous. We need FDA approval, control studies! I'm sorry, but this is impossible!


MAN: 1 M-mm m. Not really.
KYLE: Yee yeah.
JOHN: Edward Oh now she's sending me a P word. Maybe it's a puh ? Or a huh-?
PRE: recorded voice Ladies and Gentlemen, John Edward. [John approaches and the butler presses a second button for applause]
ANNOUNCER: It's 24 carrot comedy. [hops away from a pursuing rabbit]
WOMAN: 4 ho. Me? [steps forward. The others clap]
THOMAS: damnit! The spirit's out and it don't have no where to go!
ANNOUNCER: Rob Schneider derp de derp. next scene he's walking down a city street when a pretty woman passes by. He looks back at her] Derp de derpity derpy derp. [he runs into a light standard. Next scene: he's a lab technician working with nitrogen. He drinks a strange liquid] Until one day, the derpa derpa derpaderp. [Rob is shown dancing like a monkey on the street] Derp de derp. [he's in a house begging like a dog in front of a woman] da teedily dumb.
STAN: Because the big questions in life are tough Why are we here? Where are we from? Where are we going? But if people believe in asshole douchey liars like you, we're never gonna find the real answer to those questions. You aren't just lying, you're slowing down the progress of all mankind, you douche!
THOMAS: Now don't go offerin' the soul no tree fiddy, woman!
JOHN: Edward Wah why?
JOHN: Edward damnit, I'm special!! [a rumble is heard, the studio shakes, and a bright light shines from above. John, Stan and Kyle look up in wonder]
CARTMAN: damnit that was a long flight! I thought we'd never get out of stinky-ass smelly Scotland!
LION: head alien This year's nominees are...
LION: head alien Damanta Unit 5, J-Lax Galaxy, Planet Neeu. [a robot with a metallic sledgehammer]
LION: head alien And finally, Ursula, the giant douche [a douche bottle with applicator] from the Horsehead Nebula, Station J-12.
